
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354502500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261609193000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              225459159                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225453344                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              678039591                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 782056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117872166                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117872166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        78784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        22976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         9984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        50176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            286272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        78784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        99840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       203136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        17536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          17536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    222238207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     64811955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     69144787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     28163412                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    281634121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    141539199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            807531682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    222238207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     69144787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    281634121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       573017116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       49466506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            49466506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       49466506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    222238207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     64811955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     69144787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     28163412                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    281634121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    141539199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           856998188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       165632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        70976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       566144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            842688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        34240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         2496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        39936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       586496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         586496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         8846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              13167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         9164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     96586061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    467223785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9026735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    200212975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7040853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1597009894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2377100303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     96586061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      9026735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7040853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       112653648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1654419927                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1654419927                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1654419927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     96586061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    467223785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      9026735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    200212975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7040853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1597009894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          4031520229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138909000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151168500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61926500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.412787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.924149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.608960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.803827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130010                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25670                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          576                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5034                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077747                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057283                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057283                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.200645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.613780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.358178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334531                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351552000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357338000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1019241000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.287156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.198770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.273019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.014137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044118                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              957                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.359536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.444509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357074500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357239000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          274.193159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   273.043733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.533289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.535534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.519531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551023500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560456500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509931500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.439297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.277892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.161406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79924                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.077103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.371902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.499281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22118                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11290                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1306                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            6846                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6582                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          264                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4095                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              130                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             56                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       523792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       205144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1163944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            43487                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             65485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.151852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.370273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   55813     85.23%     85.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9400     14.35%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     272      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               65485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17064                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7883                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7132                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          751                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8214                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4138                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             184                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1349472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1842088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            31169                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             65196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.169167                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.404463                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   54918     84.24%     84.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    9527     14.61%     98.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     751      1.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               65196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                8211                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3904.369489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  9092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                8211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.107295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1303.845355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    74.374466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   232.750743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    19.887912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    23.577234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   714.600852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   826.274575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   248.150582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   460.907771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.318322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.018158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.056824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.004855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.005756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.174463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.201727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.060584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.112526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.933594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              177171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             177171                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          717                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          836                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1553                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1210                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          767                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1977                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          107                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1766                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          433                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2199                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1722                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2517                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1766                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           43                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2078                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2715                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2932                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4494                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.963964                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.976744                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.896054                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.871272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.711236                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.341214                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.586087                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.587312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.508963                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.560080                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.711236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.715369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.341214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.613915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.650762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.711236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.715369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.341214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.613915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.650762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4468                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4468                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3749.090483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 28663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               11001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.605490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1223.406341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   389.917894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   354.886994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   271.844869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   328.803589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.007055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   398.008060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   782.215681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.298683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.095195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.086642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.066368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.080274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.097170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.190971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.915305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283550                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8214                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8214                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2576                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         2672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           79                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1599                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1599                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3420                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8214                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8214                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           80                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.987500                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.987805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.945423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.945423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374385                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.374385                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.570380                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.570357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.770654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.671879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.770654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.671879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5009                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             139                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        16315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         6815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 28571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       146688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       595328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       742056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       164800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       164840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 906896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           30305                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            50048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.599964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.489910                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  20021     40.00%     40.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  30027     60.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              50048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              7601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5646                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         7670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        16038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 48535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       890176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       166632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1056808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       593216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       593216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1650024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            8677                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            41280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.208576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.406295                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32670     79.14%     79.14% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   8610     20.86%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              41280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         6859                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.347069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           62                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         6859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.009039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.084868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.377062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.683101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.171385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.028673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.755304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.042694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.064292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        99050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        99050                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4344                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4344                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           12                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         4946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4344                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4344                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         4958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         4958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995370                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999265                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999613                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         4326                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         4326                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2477                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.839994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.033912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.900703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.186206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.553385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.902706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.567374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.181294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.136638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.243919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.222961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        43754                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        43754                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2389                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2427                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          833                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2393                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.904762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          159                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2471                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.849883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.031971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.909992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2.550257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.364670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.552864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.364799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.323624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.783677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.119375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.159391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.022792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.159554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.022800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.270226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.236480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        43608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        43608                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          159                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          828                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          865                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2425                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          159                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          829                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2389                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998794                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          150                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          150                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         6852                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.753091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         6852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.524876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.000357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.357917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.687805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.164354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.016472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.782805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.022370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.042988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.063530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.922068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        98792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        98792                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1821                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         2365                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         4946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          102                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1821                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2581                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         4946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         4323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         4323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33923                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28427                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4583                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62350                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12724                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17152                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160105                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220794                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112882                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62614                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34127                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28487                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230969.266966                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70673.733034                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234296                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765704                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22550                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95884     57.75%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35087     21.13%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28767     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166024                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522811308                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655324357.656013                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867486950.343986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522811194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520457307.460585                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353886.539415                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523218387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644187853.491055                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2879030533.508945                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636500                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363500                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           4970                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4485                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4260                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          120                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          200                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4970                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        16273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        16273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         7645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         7645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              23918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       593408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       593408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       165544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       165544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              758952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        29648                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         45641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.641989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.479421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16340     35.80%     35.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               29301     64.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           45641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000715                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   715099500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262680746500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              122991694                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122988887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              732688101                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 788200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120033911                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120033911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        81216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        22464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       252992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       144448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        14144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         6016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            528064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        81216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       252992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        14144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       353088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1071104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1071104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           94                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        16736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             16736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6622855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2863937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    113573006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     31413810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    353785732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    201997065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     19779066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      8412815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            738448286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6622855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    113573006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    353785732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     19779066                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       493760658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1497839112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1497839112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1497839112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      6622855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2863937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    113573006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     31413810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    353785732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    201997065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     19779066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      8412815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          2236287398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       159488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       222656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       357824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            805248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        35136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        15808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        50944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       776448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         776448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         2492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         5591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        12132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             12132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       357992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     49134421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    223029103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22106015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    311363663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     19689568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      500383513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1126064275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     49134421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     22106015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        71240436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1085790159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1085790159                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1085790159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       357992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     49134421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    223029103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     22106015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    311363663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     19689568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     500383513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2211854434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       550                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     234     42.55%     42.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     78     14.18%     56.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     56.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    237     43.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 550                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      234     42.78%     42.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      78     14.26%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.18%     57.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     234     42.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  547                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               881744500     95.64%     95.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5850000      0.63%     96.27% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     96.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               34194500      3.71%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           921953500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.987342                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.994545                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  394     83.65%     83.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      77     16.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   471                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               79                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.158307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               38                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.842105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   443.158307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.865544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.878906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            63319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           63319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        19478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          19478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        11038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          462                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           30516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          30516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           11                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            84                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           84                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        11067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          551                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        30600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        30600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        30600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        30600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.014519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014519                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.023256                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.023256                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.002745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           16                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               16                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.886076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           208933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          208933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       104348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         104348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       104348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          104348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       104348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         104348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       104427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       104427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       568                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               178690500     93.56%     93.56% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%     93.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12135000      6.35%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           190990000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.27%      3.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.27%      3.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.56%     92.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.90%     97.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   367                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.620690                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          63039500     62.32%     62.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            38109000     37.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             4967                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.277322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              69648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.022146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   500.277322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.977104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           153614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          153614                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        37912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          37912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         30174                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           68086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        68086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          68086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2190                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2190                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           37                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5000                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        32364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        73086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.067668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.158497                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060556                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.068413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.986210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             374223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           150.109507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.096875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.889335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           407080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          407080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         199799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          199799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       199799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         199799                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       202293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       202293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       202293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       202293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       202293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       202293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      68                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4457                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1005     39.24%     39.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.70%     39.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     39.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1537     60.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2561                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1004     49.56%     49.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.89%     50.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1003     49.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2026                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               744563000     80.75%     80.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     80.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     80.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              176049500     19.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           922011500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999005                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.652570                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.791097                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.25%     31.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     25.00%     56.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.25%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.25%     68.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.25%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.25%     81.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.25%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.25%     93.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.25%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    16                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  163      5.29%      5.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.19%      5.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2349     76.27%     81.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     89      2.89%     84.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     84.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     193      6.27%     91.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  31      1.01%     92.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.06%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                241      7.82%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3080                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              355                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                172                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  173                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.484507                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.653409                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1641464000     96.53%     96.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            59054500      3.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     163                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            15031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          486.641507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             301829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            15031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.080434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    34.557064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   452.084443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.067494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.882977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           682615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          682615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       190015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         190015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       119505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        119505                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4075                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       309520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          309520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       309520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         309520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4687                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          512                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       200309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       200309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       124192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4547                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4547                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       324501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       324501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       324501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       324501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.111620                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111620                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.021553                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            24215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1067631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            24215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.089655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    68.212874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   443.787126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.133228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.866772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2176717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2176717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1052036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1052036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1052036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1052036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1052036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1052036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        24215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         24215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        24215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1076251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1076251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1076251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1076251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1076251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1076251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022499                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        24215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            24215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        63                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      22     40.74%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      5.56%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     29     53.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  54                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       22     47.83%     47.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      6.52%     54.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      21     45.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   46                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               393749500     98.99%     98.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.09%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                3659000      0.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           397760000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.724138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851852                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      5.17%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   50     86.21%     91.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      5.17%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2      3.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    58                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.090537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.436782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   419.090537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.818536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            13985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           13985                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            5935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           5935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          644                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.115430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.115430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.079171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.300000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              58268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.670366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            38213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           38213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           17755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          17755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        18656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22008                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   45412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          858                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          391                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2919                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1371359                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         15387                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7900                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            7096                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6437                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          659                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2227                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             48                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  24201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       298560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       517264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  831912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            93478                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            109500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.082721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.296506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  101101     92.33%     92.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    7740      7.07%     99.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     659      0.60%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              109500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         82055                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        40632                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        10940                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13818                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        11719                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2099                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 183                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              36517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8505                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        17017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4353                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4750                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4750                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          25116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         11218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        64680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        44527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 113647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2589760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1509211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       106752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        58084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4263807                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            79876                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            161996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.231246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.451399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  126639     78.17%     78.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   33254     20.53%     98.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2102      1.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              161996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6598                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3848.568948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.826008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1422.375357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    32.130304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    35.368572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     8.111319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    11.122707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst    15.294666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data    16.714260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   979.257865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1328.193897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.347260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.008635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.002716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.003734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.239077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.324266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.939592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914795                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              127398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             127398                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2227                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2227                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total          681                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1025                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1032                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               1932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              1932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          119                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          1878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1818                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1892                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1867                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1923                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             5693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           64                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            5693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2227                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2227                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2089                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2097                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2892                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2955                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           7625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          7625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.895165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.895565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.728949                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.735328                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.645574                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.650761                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.901408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.728949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.746623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.936709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.901408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.728949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.750251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.746623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3585                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3585                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11671                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3941.215999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 18338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               11671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.571245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1066.539585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    28.682650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    30.848418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    12.652213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     6.931315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  1221.989886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   723.456974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   421.264971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   428.849986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.260386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.007003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.007531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.003089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.001692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.298337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.176625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.102848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.104700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.962211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979248                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              584229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             584229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1184                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1203                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20014                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        20694                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         7670                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         7878                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              29775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        20014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         8854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             29775                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           95                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           91                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          3493                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4201                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4422                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2972                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3121                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4696                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        25116                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10999                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          40811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        24215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         40811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.969388                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972477                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988636                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989130                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.736947                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.902564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.743825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173488                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.245283                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.176063                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.279271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.417367                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.283753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.415307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.245283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.588768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.270417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.173488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.415307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.245283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.588768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.270417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3950                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3950                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              9914                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        12960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        18854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        16240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        17240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        47216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                100363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       475520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       595560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       485312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       486335                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1006592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                2452967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           33082                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            99137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.328676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.469734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  66553     67.13%     67.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  32584     32.87%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              99137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             306                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        13900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        18597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        29663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 62160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       469376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       489791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       959167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1198400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      1198400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2157567                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           47620                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            89334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.531959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.498980                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  41812     46.80%     46.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  47522     53.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              89334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        11190                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.753365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        11190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.009115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.915170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.054799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.369777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.869513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.544107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.869698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.003425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.023111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.054345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       175584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       175584                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9174                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           20                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         3930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         3930                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9174                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1498                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2107                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         3951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         3951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999332                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.574468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         9165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         9165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         6304                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.832304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           96                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         6304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.015228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.078205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.008555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.696433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.849057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.200054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.192388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.438035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.231027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.115566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        94261                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        94261                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           16                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5404                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2366                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         6640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3954                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           98                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         6656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         6656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989520                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.990099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          961                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         6280                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.815780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           78                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         6280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.740096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.316413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     3.706359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.849870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.203042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.171256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.457276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.231647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.115617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        93947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        93947                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          961                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1230                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2360                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6634                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          961                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1233                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1133                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5404                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997352                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999445                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          949                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          949                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        11186                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.853460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           53                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        11186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.004738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.009127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.073039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.372637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.854344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.544312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.875570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.023290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.053397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.034020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       180703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       180703                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9165                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7476                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1497                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9562                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9165                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7476                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1497                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2086                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         9163                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         9163                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               20396                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11929                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               32325                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11303                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11303                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1844076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             104427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               104427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       100345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9677                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              100345                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       127481                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        77690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                32482                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20552                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11930                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1709432.052047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      134643.947953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.073014                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.926986                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          471      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            66762     63.93%     64.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              78      0.07%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           22277     21.33%     85.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11930     11.42%     97.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2909      2.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            104427                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               41226                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                86                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           15414                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              32957                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               14                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses           9101                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               74183                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               100                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           24515                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              79847                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               93                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          79940                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  381534                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             202186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               202186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       195346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           276                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               5205                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        20974                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              195346                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  276                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       268893                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       139172                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                74436                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              41420                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             33016                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      327543.780120                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      53990.219880                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.141508                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.858492                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    27778                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         3630      1.79%      1.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           119622     59.13%     60.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             157      0.08%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           42380     20.95%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          33296     16.46%     98.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3177      1.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            202293                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              203460                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               724                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           19217                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             128739                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              152                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          12628                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              332199                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               876                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           31845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             155274                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              461                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         155735                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1844166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1075354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1075354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1034302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          4516                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              35681                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       109631                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1034302                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 4516                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1408849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       780420                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2052                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               335206                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             205811                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            129395                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      455876.742659                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1388289.257341                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.752801                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.247199                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   156363                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        17415      1.62%      1.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           686723     63.81%     65.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2416      0.22%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            673      0.06%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          214104     19.89%     85.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         129836     12.06%     97.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         25066      2.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1076251                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3435                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 3                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              23                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3239                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                6674                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 3                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              23                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                799                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            799                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  795525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              18653                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                18653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        18066                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                804                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               18066                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        24950                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        12523                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 6705                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3455                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3250                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      785150.683731                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      10374.316269                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013041                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986959                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     2875                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          209      1.12%      1.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            11299     60.56%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              38      0.20%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.06%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3550     19.03%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3255     17.45%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           294      1.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             18656                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7673                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            317                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           317                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10126                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4511                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          142                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           86                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          202                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          8715                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         8712                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7490                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        29929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        29929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        18545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        18545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              48474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      1198528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      1198528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       487487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       487487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1686015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        63214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         94182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.664798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.472064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               31570     33.52%     33.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               62612     66.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           94182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.163151                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                163150567500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2425831314000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1901432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1901432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              217757553                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 789224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   749.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1424610217                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1424610217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        44736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        49664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        61376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       219200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        74624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        57088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            576512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        44736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        30400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        61376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       211136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       205568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         205568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               9008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         3212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       274201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       304406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       186331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       241642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       376192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1343544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       457393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       349910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              3533619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       274201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       186331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       376192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       457393                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         1294117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1259989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1259989                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1259989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       274201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       304406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       186331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       241642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       376192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1343544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       457393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       349910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             4793609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       175872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       106496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        99392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       160320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            614784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        16192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        48128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       479680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         479680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         2748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         2505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide          384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         7495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7495                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        99246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1077974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        21967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       652747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst        64333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data       609204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       109445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       982651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide         150634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              3768200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        99246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        21967                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        64333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       109445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          294991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        2940106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             2940106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        2940106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        99246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1077974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        21967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       652747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst        64333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data       609204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       109445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       982651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide        150634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             6708306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                     12624                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1313     29.70%     29.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     87      1.97%     31.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    168      3.80%     35.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.36%     35.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2837     64.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                4421                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1313     45.48%     45.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      87      3.01%     48.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     168      5.82%     54.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.55%     54.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1303     45.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2887                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            162949418000     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6525000      0.00%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8232000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2388500      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              183868000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        163150431500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.459288                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.653020                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        3     75.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    1      0.01%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3642     29.68%     29.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    336      2.74%     32.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     509      4.15%     36.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 220      1.79%     38.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               7562     61.62%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 12271                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              508                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                408                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                408                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  408                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.803150                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.890830                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1233590000      0.75%      0.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        162860874000     99.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       1                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1027401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.794132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           74459001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1027401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.473164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   508.794132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.993739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160443957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160443957                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     63288012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63288012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     15284350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15284350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        29675                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        30392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     78572362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        78572362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     78572362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       78572362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       532020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       532020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       528459                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       528459                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2929                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2030                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1060479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1060479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1060479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1060479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     63820032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63820032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     15812809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15812809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        32604                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        32422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        32422                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     79632841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79632841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     79632841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79632841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.033420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089836                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089836                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062612                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.062612                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       630528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           630528                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           103916                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          246552401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           103916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          2372.612504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        652706146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       652706146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    326197199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      326197199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    326197199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       326197199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    326197199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      326197199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       103916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        103916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       103916                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    326301115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    326301115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    326301115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    326301115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    326301115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    326301115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       103916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           103916                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     11485                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     954     29.07%     29.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    168      5.12%     34.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     15      0.46%     34.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   2145     65.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                3282                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      954     45.87%     45.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     168      8.08%     53.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      15      0.72%     54.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     943     45.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 2080                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            163512349500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8232000      0.01%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2351500      0.00%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              102693500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        163625626500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.439627                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.633760                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2701     24.05%     24.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    336      2.99%     27.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     398      3.54%     30.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 206      1.83%     32.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               7586     67.56%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 11229                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              386                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                385                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 14                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                386                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  385                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.071429                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.983439                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         169436000      0.10%      0.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        162806154000     99.48%     99.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           678683000      0.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          1073139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.670497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           76686003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1073139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            71.459525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.670497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.989591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160173598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160173598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     63252227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63252227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     15112132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15112132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        30085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30085                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        29022                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29022                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     78364359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        78364359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     78364359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       78364359                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       470644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       470644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       640872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       640872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1315                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1315                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1111516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1111516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1111516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1111516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     63722871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63722871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     15753004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15753004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        31400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31400                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        31287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     79475875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79475875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     79475875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79475875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.007386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040683                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.041879                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.072394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072394                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.013986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       741171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           741171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            89611                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          259942277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            89611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2900.785361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        652007641                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       652007641                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325869404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      325869404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325869404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       325869404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    325869404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      325869404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        89611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         89611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        89611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325959015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325959015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325959015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    325959015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    325959015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    325959015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks        89611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total            89611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     12159                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1091     30.21%     30.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      1      0.03%     30.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    168      4.65%     34.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     26      0.72%     35.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   2325     64.39%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3611                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1091     45.94%     45.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       1      0.04%     45.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     168      7.07%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      26      1.09%     54.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1089     45.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2375                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            163004894000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                  71500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8232000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2901500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              134118000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        163150217000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.468387                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.657713                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        5     38.46%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2     15.38%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5     38.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   20      0.17%      0.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   29      0.25%      0.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3026     26.01%     26.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    341      2.93%     29.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     400      3.44%     32.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 192      1.65%     34.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               7624     65.54%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 11632                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              429                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                385                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                385                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  385                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.897436                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.945946                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         311111000      0.19%      0.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        162839106000     99.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      29                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          1076341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.614040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           77756112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1076341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.241150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.614040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.993387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160316525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160316525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     63184324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63184324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15228912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15228912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        29794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        29794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        29184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        29184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78413236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        78413236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     78413236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       78413236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       577273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       577273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       550413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       550413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2194                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2744                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2744                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1127686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1127686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1127686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1127686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     63761597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63761597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15779325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15779325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        31988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31988                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        31928                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31928                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     79540922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79540922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     79540922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79540922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.009054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.034882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.068588                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.085943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085943                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.014177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       675469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           675469                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            93520                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          263778823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            93520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2820.560554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        652457418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       652457418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    326088429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      326088429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    326088429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       326088429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    326088429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      326088429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        93520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         93520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        93520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    326181949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    326181949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    326181949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    326181949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    326181949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    326181949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        93520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            93520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     12332                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    1176     31.15%     31.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    168      4.45%     35.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     13      0.34%     35.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   2418     64.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                3775                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     1176     46.50%     46.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     168      6.64%     53.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      13      0.51%     53.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    1172     46.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 2529                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            163494659500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                8232000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1542500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              121070500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        163625504500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.484698                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.669934                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   35      0.29%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   26      0.22%      0.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3086     25.92%     26.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    349      2.93%     29.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     511      4.29%     33.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 314      2.64%     36.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               7583     63.70%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 11904                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              537                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                502                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                502                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  502                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.934823                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.966314                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1236801000      0.75%      0.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        162836608000     99.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      26                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          1053536                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.020773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           74517421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1053536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            70.730778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   501.020773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.978556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.943359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        160285998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       160285998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     63243280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       63243280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     15186127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15186127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        29537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        29537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        28895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        28895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     78429407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        78429407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     78429407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       78429407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       512324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       512324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       593895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       593895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2412                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2412                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2903                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         2903                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1106219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1106219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1106219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1106219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     63755604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63755604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     15780022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15780022                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        31949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        31798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     79535626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     79535626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     79535626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     79535626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.008036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.075495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.075495                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.091295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.091295                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       680913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           680913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            96467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          274916952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            96467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          2849.854893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        652365995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       652365995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    326038297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      326038297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    326038297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       326038297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    326038297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      326038297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        96467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         96467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        96467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    326134764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    326134764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    326134764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    326134764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    326134764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    326134764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks        96467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total            96467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 542                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1537                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1537                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          957                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         8424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    33008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4668128                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2336948                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       494256                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           57010                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        55468                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         1542                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 531                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            1200966                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1371699                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean        79869                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           356420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            31542                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           4295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           35837                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1137789                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1137789                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         193527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1006908                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       258566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      2987729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3103958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                6558610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      9897600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    107443637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7599744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    117610744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               242551725                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           204221                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           4826631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.218394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.413929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 3774065     78.19%     78.19% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 1051024     21.78%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    1542      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             4826631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4754009                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2380553                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       552309                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           66367                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        63916                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         2451                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1284200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1356382                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        82250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           352944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            44410                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           5647                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50057                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1099898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1099898                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         189987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1094203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       246913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3166349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       215311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3032181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                6660754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9817152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    114070015                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7606016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    113164284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               244657467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           190874                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           4895707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.241859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.429379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 3714092     75.86%     75.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1179160     24.09%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    2455      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             4895707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                9073                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3502.451776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                715263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                9073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               78.834233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1676.566800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    17.675930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    15.951925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     5.506928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.668959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   500.958211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   499.044160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   294.855034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   487.223830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.409318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.003895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.001140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.122304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.121837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.071986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.118951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.855091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3889                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.949463                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            34490361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           34490361                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1371699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1371699                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        79869                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total        79869                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          103                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       491166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       608170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1099336                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102952                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        89075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       192027                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       515771                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       450414                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       966185                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1006937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        89075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1058584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            2257548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       102952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1006937                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        89075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1058584                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           2257548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12354                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        14303                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        26657                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1516                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1848                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         32090                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          964                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14664                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        31962                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        33940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        30112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            65552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        33940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        30112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           65552                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1371699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1371699                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        79869                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total        79869                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        14406                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        26932                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1516                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1848                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3364                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       510442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       620984                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1131426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       193527                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       530435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       467712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       998147                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1040877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1088696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        2323100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       103916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1040877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        89611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1088696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       2323100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.986269                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992850                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989789                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.028362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009277                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.007751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.027645                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.036984                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.027659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.028217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.009277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.032607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.027659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               13469                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3463.990091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                850103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               13469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               63.115525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1619.313643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     8.229185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    15.268997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     2.088873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     3.000754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   550.812404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   250.007049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   474.861725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   540.407460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.395340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.002009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.003728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.134476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.061037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.115933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.131935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.845701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          972                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            34557588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           34557588                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        82250                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        82250                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          467                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          715                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           1182                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       500164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       554119                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1054283                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        92364                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        94956                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       187320                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       549986                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       487461                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1037447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        92364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1050150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        94956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1041580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            2279050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        92364                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1050150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        94956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1041580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           2279050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14916                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        29574                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1561                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1646                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         3207                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        20247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        15618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total         35865                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1511                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2667                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        16298                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        30981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        30301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            69513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        30301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           69513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1356382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        82250                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        82250                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15383                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        15373                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        30756                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1563                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1647                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         3210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       520411                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       569737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1090148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       189987                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       566284                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       502144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1068428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1086695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1071881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2348563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        93520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1086695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        96467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1071881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2348563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.969642                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.953490                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.961568                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998720                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999393                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999065                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027413                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.032899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012361                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014038                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029241                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028997                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.029598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.012361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.015663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.028269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           7034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                7034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                541                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             53429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7895                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           49484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          8082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          48395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           35416                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        52888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        79522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       131229                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       213251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        91467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        92355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         1139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                306761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1358976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      3043584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      4407597                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1729536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3387                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      1732923                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                6165160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          140533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           265237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.361567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 169336     63.84%     63.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  95901     36.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             265237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             48999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           62475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          6024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          50239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            76992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           60970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        48989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       147006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        95733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       242739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       129385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       129385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                372124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2926464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      1834043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      4760507                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2965696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      2965696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                7726203                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           87565                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           267895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.209959                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.407280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 211648     79.00%     79.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  56247     21.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             267895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         4607                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.809864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         9316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         4607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     2.022140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.531835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.394249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.773975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.213771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.895937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.595740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.048373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.055996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       567597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       567597                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4683                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          797                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          427                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          398                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          839                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6979                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7966                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        14945                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17059                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        27056                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15347                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        42403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24412                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17678                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        42403                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4683                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6979                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7966                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        14945                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17477                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        10376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        27853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          265                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7362                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           61                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15389                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        43242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           61                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        43242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.976083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.963473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.971385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.962264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.934426                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.997532                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997271                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.962264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.982809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.934426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.977982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.980598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.962264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.982809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.934426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.977982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.980598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3809                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3809                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         6012                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    10.186785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        14075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         6012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     2.341151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.530087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.517901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.887294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.410839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.840664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.345630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.032369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.055456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.088177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.115042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.636674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses       419204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses       419204                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3215                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          564                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          129                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          252                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           32                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          464                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           63                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          257                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          816                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7162                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1482                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2910                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3990                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9067                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8248                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        24573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13057                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9387                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        24573                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3215                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6548                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1482                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2910                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          992                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9095                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8377                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        19696                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        25389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        25389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.901491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.898974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.900931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.948864                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.984601                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.987206                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.948864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.967860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.965683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.948864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.973351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.967860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         2582                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         2582                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         5915                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    10.564550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        13117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         5915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     2.217582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.316166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.674978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.922442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.116464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.534499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.394760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.042186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.057653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.069779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.095906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.660284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses       405503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses       405503                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           49                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           40                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           68                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7162                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        13710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1482                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2910                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1124                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5080                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          959                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9061                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8239                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19425                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        24505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          959                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13017                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9363                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        24505                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         7162                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6548                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        13710                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1428                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1482                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2910                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9067                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8248                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        19444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        24573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        24573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.986831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.990446                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999338                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997434                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998909                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.998958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         2519                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         2519                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         4464                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    12.371755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         8569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         4464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     1.919579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.984565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.370815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.839490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.222219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.954569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.624035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.023176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.052468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.013889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.059661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.773235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       553256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       553256                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           44                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           71                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          118                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6982                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        14951                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        17014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        27322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7351                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         7680                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        15341                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        42663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          253                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        24365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17604                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        42663                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6982                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7969                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        14951                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          157                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          290                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        17056                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        27434                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         7681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        15347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        42781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        24409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           57                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        42781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997538                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.992157                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.982456                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999609                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.992157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.982456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.992157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.982456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3676                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3676                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            63845416                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                28                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        63722084                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           15846094                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       15753919                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            79691510                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                63                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        79476003                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          325784541                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               20                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      325784561                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               326301135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          326301052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            326301052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    240401228                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     104581108                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            5502353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     22968230                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           240401228                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            104581108                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    425750731                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    166798549                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    127615552                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     89267467                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             79699511                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           63853195                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          15846316                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles         326301135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 31912454                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     22937050      7.03%      7.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        160057684     49.05%     56.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          631761      0.19%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       33681525     10.32%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        3434933      1.05%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.46%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         509066      0.16%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        63888323     19.58%     95.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       15846674      4.86%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         31675      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         326301115                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            63746665                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                35                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        63671636                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           15784691                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               20                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       15728844                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            79531356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                55                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        79400480                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          325657275                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               18                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      325657293                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               327251266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          325958960                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            325958960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    240072623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     104585242                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            5485009                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     22936349                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           240072623                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            104585242                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    425327842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    166568253                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    127618397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes     89270317                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             79539206                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           63754306                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          15784900                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      343111.180172                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      326908154.819828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.998952                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.001048                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 31852350                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     22937538      7.04%      7.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        159882101     49.05%     56.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          631793      0.19%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       33682782     10.33%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        3435808      1.05%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.47%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         509257      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        63786352     19.57%     95.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       15784912      4.84%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess         26048      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         325959015                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            63785717                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               169                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        63685038                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           15811572                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               77                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       15724294                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            79597289                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               246                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        79409332                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          325728527                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses               96                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      325728623                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               326301142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          326181703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            326181703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    240274468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     104594222                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5490835                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     22953504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           240274468                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            104594222                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    425613142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    166720771                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    127624302                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     89276227                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             79605700                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           63793760                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          15811940                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      119096.100554                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      326182045.899446                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.999635                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.000365                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 31882033                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     22946224      7.03%      7.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        160018157     49.06%     56.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          632871      0.19%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd       33685298     10.33%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3437450      1.05%     68.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.46%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv         509663      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        63827869     19.57%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       15812031      4.85%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         29962      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         326181949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            63779774                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        63681834                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           15812278                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               43                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       15740022                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            79592052                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               173                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        79421856                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          325726172                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               77                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      325726249                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               327251020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          326134591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            326134591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    240244421                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     104581010                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            5488757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     22955424                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           240244421                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            104581010                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    425559628                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    166693964                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    127615316                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes     89267232                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             79600299                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           63787687                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          15812612                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      166789.127274                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      327084230.872726                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.999490                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.000510                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 31878819                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     22936442      7.03%      7.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        159993887     49.06%     56.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          631331      0.19%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     56.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       33681286     10.33%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        4199172      1.29%     67.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        3434746      1.05%     68.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      21081992      6.46%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         509018      0.16%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt          1260      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        63821970     19.57%     95.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       15812699      4.85%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess         30961      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         326134764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          34801                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            434                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           434                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6391                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5044                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        33493                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4167                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        31861                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         39109                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32563                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        34791                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       129811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       129811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        93287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        93287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             223098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      2981760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2981760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      1741307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      1741307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             4723067                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       217533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        264968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.534136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.498834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              123439     46.59%     46.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              141529     53.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          264968                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000528                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   528110000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2426359424000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1153273043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1153261534                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              426870061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 789224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1426765481                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1426765481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       110848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        54528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        10624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            432320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       110848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        26048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       264320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       150208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         150208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               6755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2347                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9210202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      4726288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst    209895666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    103251217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    232072864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    190021018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     49323058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     20117021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            818617334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      9210202                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst    209895666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    232072864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     49323058                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       500501789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      284425593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           284425593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      284425593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      9210202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      4726288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst    209895666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    103251217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    232072864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    190021018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     49323058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     20117021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1103042927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       558528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        61696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       235456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        78016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            940928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         2432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        61696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        67840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       493568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         493568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         8727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         3679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         7712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      2060177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4605101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data   1057597849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    116824146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    445846509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7028839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    147726799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1781689421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4605101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    116824146                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      7028839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       128458086                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      934593172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           934593172                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      934593172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      2060177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4605101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data   1057597849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    116824146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    445846509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      7028839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    147726799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2716282593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      5633                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2411     42.81%     42.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    803     14.26%     57.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.02%     57.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   2417     42.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                5632                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2411     42.86%     42.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     803     14.28%     57.14% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     57.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2410     42.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 5625                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               122564500     23.20%     23.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               60225000     11.40%     34.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.03%     34.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              345275500     65.36%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           528229500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.997104                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998757                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    1      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4026     83.37%     83.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     802     16.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  4829                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              805                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       1                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          482.246251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4555694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          7580.189684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   482.246251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.941887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           640600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          640600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       197433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         197433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       112643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4861                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4768                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       310076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          310076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       310076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         310076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           29                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           63                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       197652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       197652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       112792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       112792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4890                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4831                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       310444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       310444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       310444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       310444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.005930                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013041                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.001185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           80854085                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         110607.503420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2112389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2112389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1055866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1055866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1055866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1055866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1055866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1055866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1056085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1056085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1056085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1056085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1056085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1056085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              219                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1199                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     245     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    242     49.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 488                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      243     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.21%     50.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     242     49.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  486                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               568288000     98.46%     98.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                8788000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           577188000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991837                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995902                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.40%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.18%     10.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  387     68.62%     78.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     78.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.73%     96.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.66%     99.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   564                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              151                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.642384                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.779116                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         148849000     23.32%     23.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500     11.83%     35.14% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle           414032500     64.86%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            12596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.012603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            1921870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           146.618096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   480.012603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.937525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           354547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          354547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        75961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        79801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1154                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       155762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          155762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       155762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         155762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         12647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        12647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        86739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1264                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       168409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       168409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.069903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.079987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.087025                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087025                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060413                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.060413                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.075097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             8114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             4310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           66434385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         13777.350684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           903526                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          903526                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       445295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         445295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       445295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          445295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       445295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         445295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          4312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         4312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         4312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       449607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       449607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       449607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       449607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       449607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       449607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             4310                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1979                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     506     46.25%     46.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     46.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    587     53.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1094                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      506     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.10%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     505     49.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1012                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               294927500     91.05%     91.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%     91.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               28843000      8.90%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           323935000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.860307                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.925046                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      4.00%      4.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      4.00%      8.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        20     80.00%     88.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      4.00%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   21      1.49%      1.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.14%      1.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1038     73.62%     75.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.07%     75.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      55      3.90%     79.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  34      2.41%     81.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.35%     82.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                253     17.94%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1410                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               77                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 54                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 55                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   54                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.714286                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.832061                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         158087000     61.45%     61.45% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            99187000     38.55%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      21                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             8014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          476.539445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             918098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             8412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           109.141465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   476.539445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.930741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.930741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           334794                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          334794                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        95230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          95230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        56747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56747                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1439                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       151977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          151977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       151977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         151977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2741                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          272                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          8167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         8167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        59488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59488                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1583                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1583                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1556                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1556                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       160144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       160144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.053906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.053906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.171826                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171826                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.075193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.075193                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.050998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             4029                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             7018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.909577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           62853388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             7530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          8347.063479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.909577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1039553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         1039553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       509242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         509242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       509242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          509242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       509242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         509242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         7023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          7023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         7023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       516265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       516265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       516265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       516265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       516265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       516265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.013603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             7018                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       782                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      92     46.94%     46.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.53%     48.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    101     51.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       92     49.46%     49.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.61%     51.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      91     48.92%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  186                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               367519500     98.55%     98.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.09%     98.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5072500      1.36%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           372943500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.900990                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.948980                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.48%     21.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.85%     23.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  125     46.30%     70.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.56%     95.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.33%     99.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.74%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   270                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              127                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.527559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.690722                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         358988500     97.77%     97.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      2.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             1997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          464.048512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            4035230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1642.340252                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   464.048512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.906345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77746                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77746                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        21939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          21939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        12621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          455                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        34560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           34560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        34560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          34560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        23505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        13301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          471                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        36806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        36806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.066624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.051124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.080679                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.033970                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.061023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           51264170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         29160.506257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          270202                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       133232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       133232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          133232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       133232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         133232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       134478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       134478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       134478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       134478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       134478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4817                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4817                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         6422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         8028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        16076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         8832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         4014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        19350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19350                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35077                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17211                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1080                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8272                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7888                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          384                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                4817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              15415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               3215                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              3215                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4137                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4531                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6067                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        12343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        37886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  67893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        23168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40909                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       513984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1331168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1909229                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            48058                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             90828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.114898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.331894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   80776     88.93%     88.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    9668     10.64%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     384      0.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               90828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37400                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18486                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2057                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           13158                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        12323                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          835                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              15571                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7001                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4289                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              245                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            133                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             378                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           8269                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7302                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        20136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        24625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  54633                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       839232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       784465                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       138048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       211352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1973097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            53551                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             90604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.198082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.421412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   73504     81.13%     81.13% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   16255     17.94%     99.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     843      0.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               90604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11814                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3918.824902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               2278769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              143.716511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1672.913238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    12.990486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    10.639763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.810047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            3                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   396.530476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   356.375560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   617.608738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   845.956593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.408426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.003172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.096809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.087006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.150783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.206532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.956744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986816                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              291286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             291286                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          143                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2541                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2684                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           50                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2320                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2370                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          143                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2541                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6463                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6481                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           76                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1770                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1846                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3684                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           76                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12011                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           76                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12011                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           72                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           76                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          138                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           22                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6888                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4311                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4530                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          242                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5812                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6054                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        12678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.818182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.941305                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.940912                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.347032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.407506                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.793388                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.600826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.608523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.347032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.795455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.785218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.687443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.347032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.795455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.410578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.785218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.687443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               12681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3847.781591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2193095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               16179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              135.551950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1464.390141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    11.664739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.355187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   792.803888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   611.064327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   506.211593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   454.291715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.357517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.002848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.193556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.149186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.123587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.110911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.939400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2730                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.854004                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              298551                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             298551                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         7001                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           65                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             69                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          651                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             739                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          779                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4888                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1888                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               8228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         4109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          779                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              8228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2914                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          467                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          844                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            10355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           10355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7001                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          112                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          646                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3100                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5657                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         7214                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          18583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         7023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         8111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         18583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.661458                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.789474                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.672986                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.734719                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.863777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.761613                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.414922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374799                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.408877                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.666254                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.542068                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.639451                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.414922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.686968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.636405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.557230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.414922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.686968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.374799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.636405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           4126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                4126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               4817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             13730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              3221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             3221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        25506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        16064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        50206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        12345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        12357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 62563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       220288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       927232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        19309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1166829                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       385344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           41                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       385385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1552214                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           27383                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            66431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.409523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.491749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  39226     59.05%     59.05% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  27205     40.95%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              66431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            454                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10701                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        13273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        30486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        25343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 55829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       389225                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       925545                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       926528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       926528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1852073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           24603                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            60609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.401228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.490151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  36291     59.88%     59.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  24318     40.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              60609                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7960                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.485856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.013791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.539374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.642013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.038652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.265817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.658711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.165126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.141614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       144162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       144162                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5366                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2710                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         9116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9019                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         9116                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5366                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6409                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         9122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         9122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         5365                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         5365                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         5005                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.354962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         5020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.041235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.131872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     6.020450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.413755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.280710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.508174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.258242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.376278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.150860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.031761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        75740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        75740                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1779                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           52                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst           35                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           15                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           53                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          862                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3387                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4249                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1779                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          858                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          863                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          907                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          173                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998841                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.982051                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.984564                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994220                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.982051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.987680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.982051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.995110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.987680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4997                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.320867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         5012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.022147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.673579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     5.586157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.243889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.321683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.495559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.292099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.349135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.140243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.145105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.030972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        74941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        74941                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           55                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          860                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          889                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3383                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1744                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4243                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           55                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          893                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          172                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3387                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997680                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998819                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         1778                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7960                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.495046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.013415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.629144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.521243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.300843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.664321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.157578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.143803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       144101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       144101                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5365                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5365                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         9112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9015                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         9112                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5365                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5365                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           81                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6406                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           56                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2616                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2710                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         9116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           59                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         9019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         9116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         5365                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         5365                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              205748                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             121634                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              327382                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             115806                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         115806                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1056221                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1056085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1056085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1015761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses            67                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              98129                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        68094                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1015761                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                   67                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1292522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       787397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads           33                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes           34                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               328997                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             207359                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            121638                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles        136.000129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1056084.999871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.999871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.000129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   179919                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         4823      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           675510     63.96%     64.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             812      0.08%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              2      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          223528     21.17%     85.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         121638     11.52%     97.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         29772      2.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1056085                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               82466                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              87938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              170404                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             161747                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         161899                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1154769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             449125                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               449125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       432131                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               8483                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        46824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              432131                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       621730                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       293183                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               171517                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              83305                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             88212                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      663047.012887                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      491721.987113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.425818                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.574182                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    58163                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         9767      2.17%      2.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           255121     56.74%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             508      0.11%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           85576     19.03%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          88279     19.63%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          8957      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            449607                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              101783                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               263                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           42000                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              61037                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               29                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          24125                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              162820                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               292                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           66125                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             209514                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              264                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         209778                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                  647096                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             515961                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               515961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       497731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          1211                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              12938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        75169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              497731                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 1211                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       664777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       356719                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          857                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          611                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               163645                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             102502                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             61143                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      330643.743789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      316452.256211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.489034                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.510966                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    92877                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         8830      1.71%      1.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           329845     63.89%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             949      0.18%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            208      0.04%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp             33      0.01%     65.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             66      0.01%     65.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          105178     20.37%     86.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          61431     11.90%     98.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9709      1.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            516265                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               23430                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              13667                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               37097                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23144                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          23269                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  745889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             134093                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               134093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       128832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2663                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        15887                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              128832                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       170987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        98101                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                38205                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              24314                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             13891                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      650835.502529                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      95053.497471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.127437                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.872563                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    19559                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2809      2.09%      2.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            85947     63.91%     66.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              78      0.06%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           25354     18.85%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          13901     10.34%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6362      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            134478                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6097                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7143                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         3978                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          203                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          147                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          332                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          7337                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         7268                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6097                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        25493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        25493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        13121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        13121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              38614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       385769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       385769                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1312553                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        39021                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         63469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.607509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.488309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               24911     39.25%     39.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               38558     60.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           63469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
