
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365551500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254806037500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              183769898                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                183761735                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              685513512                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 726112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97987244                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97987244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1104064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        227968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       564352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          564352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    623627587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2396641786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3020269374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    623627587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        623627587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1543837188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1543837188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1543837188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    623627587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2396641786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4564106562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344822000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365652000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261888500     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             18793                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              244686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             18793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             13.020061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    29.324897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   482.675103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.057275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.942725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            544845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           544845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       124203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          124203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2107                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       239766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           239766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       239766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          239766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          9275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.109467                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              7203                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.874609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              726396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            100.846314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    28.026203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   483.848406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.054739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.945016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1468698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1468698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          723543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           723543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       723543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          723543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              7203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18282                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3993.786680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       23256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.272071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1832.930026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         28.856071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.056628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   824.274907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1250.669048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.013930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.201239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          974                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2897                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    443151                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   443151                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12042                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             7188                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               3641                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4124                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4124                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          3641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     8745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         3641                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5104                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    8745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3562                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5410                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3562                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12042                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         7188                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7203                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9534                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         7203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.894157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.894157                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.494516                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.567443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.494516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8818                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8411                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51733                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1668416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1668416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1668416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   34481    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               34481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134745                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44045                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127011                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21030                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261756                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65075                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731103                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729780                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76736                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702097                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264176                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136629                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127547                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731103                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97266                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426390     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140774     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127890     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730747                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        51994                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25999                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1106                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1106                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             16738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         7188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6727                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 77953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       921088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1973440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2894528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.016905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.128916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  69088     98.31%     98.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1188      1.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              70276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   825924000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256003040000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               92378988                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 92377086                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              761299158                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100216751                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100216751                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       395072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       585792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             980864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       395072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        395072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1906496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1906496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         9153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               15326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         29789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              29789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    478339411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    709256542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1187595953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    478339411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        478339411                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2308318925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2308318925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2308318925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    478339411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    709256542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3495914878                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       67                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       6507                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1751     40.78%     40.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     187      4.35%     45.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.02%     45.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2355     54.84%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1750     47.44%     47.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      187      5.07%     52.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     52.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1751     47.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3689                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                563027000     68.15%     68.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                13902500      1.68%     69.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     69.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               249132000     30.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            826110500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999429                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.743524                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.859106                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.26%      5.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          1      5.26%     10.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     21.05%     31.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      5.26%     36.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     21.05%     57.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.26%     63.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.26%     68.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      5.26%     73.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.26%     78.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1      5.26%     84.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      5.26%     89.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      5.26%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      5.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   180      3.84%      3.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.17%      4.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3720     79.44%     83.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     100      2.14%     85.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     85.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     85.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      387      8.26%     93.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   42      0.90%     94.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        2      0.04%     94.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 241      5.15%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4683                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               541                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 200                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  26                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 213                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   200                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    13                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.393715                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.555411                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          642522000     77.78%     77.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user             99248000     12.01%     89.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             84340500     10.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      180                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             19229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              428010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             19229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.258568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            960585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           960585                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       266765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          266765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       172306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         172306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6035                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6035                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6343                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6343                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       439071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           439071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       439071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          439071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         12352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          507                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          507                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        18722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          18722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        18722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         18722                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       279117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       279117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       178676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       178676                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6343                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6343                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       457793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       457793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       457793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       457793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035651                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.077499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.077499                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             11413                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             27584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.997889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1597475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             27584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             57.913102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3007029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3007029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1462137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1462137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1462137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1462137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1462137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1462137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         27585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          27585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         27585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1489722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1489722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1489722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1489722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1489722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1489722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        27584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             27584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22374                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              22374                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1373462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16437                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4002.685994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       24708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.503194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1437.305311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          4.217169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          2.610868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1590.385525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   968.167121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.350905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.388278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.236369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973389                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    771532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   771532                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11413                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            11413                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        27565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            27565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1548                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21412                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              21412                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              8515                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         21412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10063                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4822                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6173                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4344                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            4344                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11413                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11413                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        27565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        27565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          27585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        19229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                46814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        19229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               46814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.756986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223781                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.223781                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.337818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.327658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.223781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.476676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.327658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8413                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4809                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        64222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        46608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        50986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 115208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1519296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1524318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2895390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             76304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   76304    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               76304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               284738                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                848                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            35246                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              185862                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               174                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   23                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           22095                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               470600                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1022                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    35                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            57341                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              265717                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               580                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          266297                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1651915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1488665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1488665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1431018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4731                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               62176                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       142660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1431018                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4731                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1930343                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1076588                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2532                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2120                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                474311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              287710                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             186601                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       161611.284594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1490303.715406                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.902167                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.097833                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    220555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         22507      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            939704     63.08%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2634      0.18%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd             708      0.05%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              11      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               6      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           300769     20.19%     85.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          187322     12.57%     97.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          36060      2.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1489722                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        93627                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        46812                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           39                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            695                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          695                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             41635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        27565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         27585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        82735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                144780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3529600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1966110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                5495710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           59301                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           155099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.070376                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 154327     99.50%     99.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    772      0.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             155099                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.650237                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                650236892000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2906239932000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1860151                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1860151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              863533536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   753.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1400685475                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1400685475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       112896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       474944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             587840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       112896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        112896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       366528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          366528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         7421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                9185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          5727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               5727                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       173623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       730417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                904040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       173623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           173623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          563684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               563684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          563684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       173623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       730417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              1467724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      44470                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2940     23.34%     23.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                       1      0.01%     23.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     665      5.28%     28.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    8993     71.38%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                12599                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2940     44.91%     44.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                        1      0.02%     44.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      665     10.16%     55.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2940     44.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  6546                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             649652997500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                   71500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                32585000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               551116500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         650236770500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.326921                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.519565                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1     14.29%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     57.14%     71.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1     14.29%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1     14.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                      7                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    16      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 11202     25.73%     25.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    1343      3.08%     28.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      731      1.68%     30.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   10      0.02%     30.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique               30239     69.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  43541                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               745                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 730                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 731                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   730                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     1                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.981208                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.989844                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          710104500      0.11%      0.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         649523489000     99.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle              3177000      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       16                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3810455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           313088151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3810455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             82.165555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         638565145                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        638565145                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    252643848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       252643848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     60679506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       60679506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       118247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       125289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       125289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    313323354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        313323354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    313323354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       313323354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1924352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1924352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1879060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1879060                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7043                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7043                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3803412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3803412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3803412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3803412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    254568200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    254568200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     62558566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     62558566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       125290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       125290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       125289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       125289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    317126766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    317126766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    317126766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    317126766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056214                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2209056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2209056                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            370529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1121335949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            370529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3026.310893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2601308369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2601308369                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1300098391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1300098391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1300098391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1300098391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst   1300098391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1300098391                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        370529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         370529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        370529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1300468920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1300468920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1300468920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1300468920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst   1300468920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1300468920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       370529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            370529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1066                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    29955                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      9463                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3809.521374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1516933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    160.301490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2279.212271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          1.250213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   805.996529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   719.062361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.556448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.175552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.930059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.987305                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  68784300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 68784300                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2209056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2209056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       370528                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total           370528                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1872838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1872838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       368765                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             368765                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1930196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1930196                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        368765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3803034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4171799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       368765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3803034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4171799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1764                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1764                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1199                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         7421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1764                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         7421                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2209056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2209056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       370528                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total       370528                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1879060                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1879060                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         370529                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1931395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1931395                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3810455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4180984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       370529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3810455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4180984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004761                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004761                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.002197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.004761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.002197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 5343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      5343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        27421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        28805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       929792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       935163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  959803                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             19698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   19698    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               19698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            254663120                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                 95                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        254346206                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            62684555                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               101                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        62457660                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            317347675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                196                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        316803866                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits          1299203947                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                67                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses      1299204014                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1300473787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1300468724                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1300468724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     956953752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      418338147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls            21956277                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     91108575                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            956953752                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             418338147                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads   1696443994                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    664018475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    510471226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    357078930                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs             317378964                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts           254693595                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts           62685369                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles        4800.000011                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1300468986.999989                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999996                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000004                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                 126765727                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass      91741769      7.05%      7.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         636957487     48.98%     56.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          2527255      0.19%     56.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     56.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd       134730737     10.36%     66.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp        16796688      1.29%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        13742405      1.06%     68.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       84327968      6.48%     75.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv         2037239      0.16%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt           5040      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead        254823205     19.59%     95.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite        62686778      4.82%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          92349      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total         1300468920                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      8361968                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4180984                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            453                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          453                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2301934                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2209056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       370528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1601397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1879060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1879060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        370529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1931395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1111586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11432747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              12544333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47427648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    385254075                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              432681723                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           10234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8372893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000055                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8372434     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    459      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8372893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001295                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1294571000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2907534503000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              838828189                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                838816931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              773829293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 730240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1403273014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1403273014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       297856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       937856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1235712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       297856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        297856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       506560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          506560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    230080853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    724453120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             954533973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    230080853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        230080853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       391295649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            391295649                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       391295649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    230080853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    724453120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1345829622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      12461                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     4437     42.80%     42.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                    1154     11.13%     53.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       2      0.02%     53.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    4774     46.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                10367                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      4435     44.23%     44.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                     1154     11.51%     55.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        2      0.02%     55.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     4435     44.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 10026                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                653065000     50.45%     50.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                86550000      6.69%     57.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   98000      0.01%     57.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               554820500     42.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total           1294533500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999549                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.928990                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.967107                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      2.50%      2.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      5.00%      7.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                         20     50.00%     57.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      5.00%     62.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      2.50%     65.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      2.50%     67.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      2.50%     70.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3      7.50%     77.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      2.50%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      2.50%     82.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      2.50%     85.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     12.50%     97.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      2.50%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     40                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   121      1.25%      1.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.06%      1.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  7844     80.85%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      44      0.45%     82.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.01%     82.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.01%     82.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     1367     14.09%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   56      0.58%     97.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.09%     97.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 253      2.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   9702                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              1488                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 209                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 209                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   209                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.140457                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.246317                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         1114165500     86.07%     86.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            180368000     13.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      121                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs             1323931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             21909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             60.428637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1678579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1678579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       473837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          473837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       311843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         311843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11087                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10426                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       785680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           785680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       785680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          785680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        20938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          20938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        20938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         20938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       484935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       484935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       321683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        11547                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10426                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       806618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       806618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       806618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       806618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030589                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039837                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039837                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13134                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             15093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.969118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           181454638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             15605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          11627.980647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.969118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5192382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5192382                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2573541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2573541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2573541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2573541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2573541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2573541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         15100                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          15100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         15100                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2588641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2588641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2588641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2588641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2588641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2588641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        15093                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             15093                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         9232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        11700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        23244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   23244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio        12694                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         5850                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        27792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    27792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19913                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4008.573551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5054612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     23900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    211.490042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1737.721791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.473805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.817237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1235.080630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1031.480088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.424248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.301533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.251826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2904                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973389                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    613223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   613223                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13134                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        15073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            15073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1335                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        10445                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              10445                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              5408                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         10445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          6743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        10445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         6743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4654                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4654                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            6150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13134                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        15073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        15073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9839                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        15099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          15099                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                36496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        15099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               36496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.864315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.308232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.308232                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.532099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.532099                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.308232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.529044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.308232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.529044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7915                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        23244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        57423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        80667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  80667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1742272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1770064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1770064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             49736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   49736    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               49736                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               499719                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                909                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            77247                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              337809                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               162                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           40150                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               837528                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1071                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses           117397                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              559755                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               501                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          560256                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  2589142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             2587539                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               2587539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       2485911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4856                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              168916                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       217237                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              2485911                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4856                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      3276082                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1864610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3245                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2982                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                842682                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              504327                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             338355                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            2589142                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    415304                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         27841      1.08%      1.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu           1613043     62.31%     63.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2656      0.10%     63.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     63.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1395      0.05%     63.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp              33      0.00%     63.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              66      0.00%     63.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     63.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             245      0.01%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           535905     20.70%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          338752     13.09%     97.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          68704      2.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            2588641                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        72988                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        36497                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           47                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1195                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1195                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               6924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             33582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             4698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        15073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            8237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9839                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         15100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45273                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                132684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1931072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2237776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4168848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           19913                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           104523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.012390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.110618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 103228     98.76%     98.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1295      1.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             104523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
