
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354519000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261609163500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              136681929                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                136677653                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              411067187                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 763048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117872251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117872251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             91840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53796835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8665262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4152105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108857353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     72932621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            259055227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     53796835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10651051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    108857353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       173305239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       22024207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22024207                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       22024207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     53796835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8665262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10651051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4152105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    108857353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     72932621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           281079434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        30528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       368320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        19904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       193216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         193216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         3019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3019                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49825256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     86111041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     75098937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1038928802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1256282456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49825256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5054736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1263684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        56143676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      545008871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           545008871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      545008871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     49825256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     86111041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5054736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     75098937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1263684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1038928802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1801291327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138925500     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151185000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61943000     75.50%     75.50% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.50%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.413512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.932099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.611149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.802363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130017                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130017                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5058                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.213940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.615054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.356905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334597                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351568500     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357354500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.44%      5.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1019270000     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.284304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.220748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.233608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.050696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          681                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050636                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1003                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.374366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.429642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357091000     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357255500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.195600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.046227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551040000     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560473000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509948000     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.437648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.448689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.294991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.142657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79882                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080495                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8402                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.386173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.485015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22144                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11319                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3884                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3828                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              156                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3752                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       531792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       207960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1174760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            23472                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             45491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.148865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.359890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   38783     85.25%     85.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6644     14.61%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      64      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               45491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34465                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17152                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2673                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2594                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           79                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10275                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8403                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3948                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1361504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1854120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            15193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             49226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.104559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   44158     89.70%     89.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    4989     10.13%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      79      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               49226                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                3274                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15629.329881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 49323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               15.065058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7489.767918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1990.814176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1776.899861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   804.977847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1782.775425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   513.791770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   847.849977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    62.494731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   359.958175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.121510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.108453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.049132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.108812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.953939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928772                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              172488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             172488                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1505                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3089                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1021                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2773                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               7717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3257                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1180                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              7717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          576                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          285                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          536                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1702                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             3226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           89                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            3226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3752                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2918                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1557                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.862069                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.970803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.276790                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.448819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.317010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.176706                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.399589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.344252                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.294800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.348470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1365                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1365                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5967                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15247.039928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 34782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.829060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5583.826646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  3481.801129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3529.975983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  1049.544693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   702.119012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   301.132267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   598.065694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.340810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.212512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.215453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.064059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.042854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.036503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.930605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          861                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972778                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              279988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             279988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4178                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               9452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              9452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1818                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5995                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5997                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.142824                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.303253                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.448509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.142824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.549977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.448509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1806                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1806                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       259584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       292712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        77248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        77288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 370000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           17980                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            26693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.639306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   9628     36.07%     36.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  17065     63.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              26693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        21077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         7625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 28702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       524672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        78760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       603432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 862120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            3799                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            22595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.164771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.370982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  18872     83.52%     83.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3723     16.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              22595                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         3143                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.150741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           74                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         3143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.023544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.896237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.117219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.086149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.521088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.123440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.157807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.618515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.070215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.134863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        44562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        44562                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2730                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992793                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.993990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1314                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1095                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.047564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.104110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.763630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.631372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.503228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.172727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.289461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.156452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25382                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1083                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.954365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.105263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.769084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.369722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.657305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.472835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.563112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.160195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        25283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        25283                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1130                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         3142                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.712017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           67                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         3142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.021324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.675185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.016872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.016476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.530845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.136733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.248101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.087805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.667199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.033178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.071046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.130488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        44459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        44459                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         2729                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         2730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         2730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33924                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28430                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4586                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62354                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12725                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165945                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160138                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112909                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62618                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34128                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28490                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230983.784267                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70692.215733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234332                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765668                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2862      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95913     57.76%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35088     21.13%     80.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28770     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166057                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522811249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655364684.492360                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867446564.507640                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191794                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808206                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522811135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520457358.045722                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2353776.954278                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523218328                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644321827.692344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2878896500.307656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636471                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363529                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1403                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2519                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          161                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          278                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           849                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          848                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3012                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        78056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              336872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        17541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.671863                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.469545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8083     32.81%     32.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               16550     67.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           24633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.204509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                204509026000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2466474698500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 866520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   866520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              142001538                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 774312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1440.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1247952603                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1247952603                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        94528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        54528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       103552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3062208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1130752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       197312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       647680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5353216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        54528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3062208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       197312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      3376704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2913408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2913408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1618                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        47847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        17668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        10120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              83644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        45522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             45522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       306373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       462219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       266629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       506344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14973461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      5529106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       964808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      3167000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             26175940                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       306373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       266629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     14973461                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       964808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        16511271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       14245865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            14245865                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       14245865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       306373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       462219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       266629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       506344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     14973461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      5529106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       964808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      3167000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            40421805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        15616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1707520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      1616064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        79680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     31987712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      3755968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     10334848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          49540160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        15616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        79680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       138048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     35257536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       35257536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        26680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        25251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       499808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        58687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       161482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             774065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       550899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            550899                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        76358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8349363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       123926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      7902165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       389616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    156412226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        85121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     18365781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       50534924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            242239479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        76358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       123926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       389616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        85121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          675022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      172400880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           172400880                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      172400880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        76358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8349363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       123926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      7902165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       389616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    156412226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        85121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     18365781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      50534924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           414640359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     173                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    159872                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1878     29.96%     29.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    180      2.87%     32.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      3.33%     36.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    170      2.71%     38.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   3831     61.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                6268                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1878     44.81%     44.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     180      4.29%     49.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      4.99%     54.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     170      4.06%     58.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1754     41.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 4191                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204328635500     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               13440500      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27011500      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              336588500      0.16%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204715917000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.457844                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.668634                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   21      0.30%      0.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  162      2.29%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 5078     71.89%     74.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    435      6.16%     80.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     633      8.96%     89.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  73      1.03%     90.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                662      9.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  7064                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              797                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                275                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                275                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  275                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.345044                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.513060                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       47095340000     23.74%     23.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        151302185000     76.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     162                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          2048108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          499.405108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           66750877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2048108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.591483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   499.405108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.975401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.958984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        139922760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       139922760                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     53654864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       53654864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     13197259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13197259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4125                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3281                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     66852123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        66852123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     66852123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       66852123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1924830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1924830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       142476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142476                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1099                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1099                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1716                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2067306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2067306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      2067306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2067306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     55579694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55579694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     13339735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13339735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4997                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     68919429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     68919429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     68919429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     68919429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.034632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010681                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.210375                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.210375                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.343406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.343406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.029996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       196706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           196706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           216057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          251634742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           216057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1164.668314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        607363945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       607363945                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      303357887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       303357887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    303357887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      303357887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       216057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        216057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       216057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303573944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    303573944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303573944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    303573944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    303573944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    303573944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       216057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           216057                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     174                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    160815                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    1459     29.96%     29.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      4.29%     34.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    171      3.51%     37.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   3031     62.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                4870                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     1459     45.94%     45.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      6.58%     52.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     171      5.38%     57.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    1337     42.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 3176                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204249723500     99.87%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               27326000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              221509500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204508800000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.441109                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.652156                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     14.29%     14.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     14.29%     28.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     14.29%     42.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1     14.29%     57.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        2     28.57%     85.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        1     14.29%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     7                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   21      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  170      2.91%      3.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.05%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 4020     68.78%     72.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    425      7.27%     79.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.02%     79.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     472      8.08%     87.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                  81      1.39%     88.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.03%     88.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                650     11.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  5845                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              407                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                293                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                236                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                341                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  293                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   48                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.837838                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.203390                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.728632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         305055500      0.15%      0.15% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        152397257000     76.90%     77.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         45467137000     22.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     170                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          2052559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          494.001839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           58637797                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2052559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.568142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   494.001839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.964847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        140688249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       140688249                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     54022202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       54022202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     13221851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      13221851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2394                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67244053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        67244053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     67244053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       67244053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1924277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1924277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       137913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          848                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          848                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2062190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2062190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      2062190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2062190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     55946479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55946479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     13359764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     13359764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3949                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3901                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3901                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     69306243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     69306243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     69306243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     69306243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.034395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010323                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.214738                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.214738                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.386311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.386311                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.029755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       198900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           198900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           208683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          234660746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           208683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1124.484246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.000301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        611347873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       611347873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305360909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      305360909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305360909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       305360909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst    305360909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      305360909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       208685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        208685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       208685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305569594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    305569594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305569594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    305569594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst    305569594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    305569594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       208683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           208683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                    1161                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     95033                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   15935     37.12%     37.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    338      0.79%     37.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      0.49%     38.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     33      0.08%     38.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  26415     61.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               42930                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    15872     49.12%     49.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     338      1.05%     50.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      0.65%     50.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      33      0.10%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   15862     49.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                32314                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            201998139500     98.67%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21               24167000      0.01%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4154000      0.00%     98.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2679236500      1.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204715938000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996046                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.600492                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.752714                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.04%      0.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      2394     88.11%     88.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         8      0.29%     88.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        70      2.58%     91.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       32      1.18%     92.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       69      2.54%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      0.04%     94.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.04%     94.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.04%     94.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       69      2.54%     97.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       63      2.32%     99.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        5      0.18%     99.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      0.04%     99.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      0.04%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      0.04%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  2717                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  359      0.43%      0.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  519      0.63%      1.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       7      0.01%      1.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                37583     45.53%     46.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2198      2.66%     49.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     49.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    4773      5.78%     55.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                2836      3.44%     58.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     58.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              34270     41.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 82550                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5291                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               4300                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               4299                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 4300                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.812512                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.896570                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      116620255500     56.75%     56.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         88874261000     43.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     519                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          1100472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          444.289191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           50253144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1100472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.665082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.146221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   444.142970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.867467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.867752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        103832905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       103832905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     34611552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       34611552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     15388423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15388423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       124699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       124699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       131600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       131600                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     49999975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        49999975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     49999975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       49999975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       652717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       652717                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       445226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       445226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8551                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8551                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1113                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1097943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1097943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1097943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1097943                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     35264269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35264269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     15833649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15833649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       133250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       133250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       132713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       132713                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51097918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51097918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     51097918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51097918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.064173                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064173                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.008387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.021487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       760559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           760559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           482726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          200811546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           482726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           415.994883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.281328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.718672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        402993576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       402993576                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200772699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      200772699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200772699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       200772699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    200772699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      200772699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       482726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        482726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       482726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201255425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201255425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201255425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    201255425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    201255425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    201255425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       482726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           482726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     165                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    165135                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    2418     33.22%     33.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    209      2.87%     36.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    259      3.56%     39.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   4392     60.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                7278                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     2416     45.42%     45.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     209      3.93%     49.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     259      4.87%     54.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    2435     45.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 5319                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            204330181500     99.81%     99.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               10241000      0.01%     99.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               29985000      0.01%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              345073000      0.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        204715480500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999173                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.554417                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.730833                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                        77     86.52%     86.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         2      2.25%     88.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3      3.37%     92.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4      4.49%     96.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      3.37%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    89                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  108      1.10%      1.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  237      2.41%      3.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6178     62.84%     66.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    467      4.75%     71.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     747      7.60%     78.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 228      2.32%     81.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     81.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               1864     18.96%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  9831                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              984                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                601                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                601                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                  601                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.610772                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.758360                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       39662397500     19.99%     19.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        158781820500     80.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     237                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2135615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.579315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           69886633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2135615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            32.724359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   501.579315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.979647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          489                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        147821076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       147821076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     56425355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       56425355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     14241554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      14241554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         8233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8233                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         7645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7645                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     70666909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        70666909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     70666909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       70666909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1950655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1950655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       200235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       200235                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         1949                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2150890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2150890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2150890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2150890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     58376010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     58376010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     14441789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14441789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9734                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         9594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     72817799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     72817799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     72817799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     72817799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.013865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.154202                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154202                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.203148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.203148                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.029538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       255363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           255363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           228665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          287250344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           228665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1256.205996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        639008495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       639008495                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    319161250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      319161250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    319161250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       319161250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    319161250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      319161250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       228665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        228665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       228665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319389915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    319389915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319389915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    319389915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    319389915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    319389915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       228665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           228665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1453                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 12140544                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1511                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              198143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             198143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio        16224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        26072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       380442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       380442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  406514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        24376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          910                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         9126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        38396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12144744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     12144744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 12183140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               190221                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               190221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1711989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1711989                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              525                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       189696                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          189696                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               189696                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests       9084815                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4543465                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       962735                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          106410                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        96014                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        10396                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            4276879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               1517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              1517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       395606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       176330                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2997794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             7920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           11143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            272469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           272469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         424742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3851054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       505103                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5708892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       520711                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      5959040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               12693746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     18498944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    144658124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     19969664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    144576824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total               327703556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          2249961                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          11317270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.181068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.387453                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 9278476     81.99%     81.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 2028397     17.92%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   10397      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            11317270                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       7920816                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3957915                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       154616                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          165713                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       147166                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        18547                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            3328321                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1015922                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       601707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2178471                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             6920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           3062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9982                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            638541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           638541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         711391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2613424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1364593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3306080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       659896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6433079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               11763648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     56439488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    119428744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     27598784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    153743728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               357210744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          1384856                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           9300861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.053108                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.232974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 8825463     94.89%     94.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  456847      4.91%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   18550      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             9300861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               53081                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15685.533918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                439885                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               53081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                8.287052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7046.215493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   318.338161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   176.176136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    84.557157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   128.259895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   503.289729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  3537.278757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   392.071357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3499.347232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.430067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.019430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.010753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.005161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.007828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.030718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.215898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.023930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.213583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.957369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          544                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977783                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses            65259355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses           65259355                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       176330                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       176330                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             39                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       110768                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       109041                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          219809                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       214834                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       207437                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       422271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1898401                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1896847                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3795248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       214834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2009169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       207437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2005888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            4437328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       214834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2009169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       207437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2005888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           4437328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4672                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         6866                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1445                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          884                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2329                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        25096                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        21880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total         46976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1223                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1248                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2471                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        26616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        20581                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        47197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        51712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        42461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            96644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        51712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        42461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           96644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       176330                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       176330                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4701                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         6905                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1450                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          888                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2338                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       135864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       130921                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       266785                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       424742                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1925017                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1917428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      3842445                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2060881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2048349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total        4533972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       216057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      2060881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       208685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      2048349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total       4533972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.993831                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995463                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994352                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996552                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.995495                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.996151                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.184714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.167124                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.176082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005661                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005980                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.005818                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.013826                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.010734                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.021316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.005661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.025092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks          27408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total               27408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              654538                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           16164.483400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2760418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              654538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.217353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle        2270174279500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  6732.381382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    42.159761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    22.822279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    18.969770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     6.937968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   716.679455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  5014.493097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   402.214295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  3207.825393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.410912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.002573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.001393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.001158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.043743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.306060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.024549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.195790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.986602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        12058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            63421189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           63421189                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1015922                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1015922                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       601707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       601707                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             51                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       131830                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       143866                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          275696                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       433632                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       225310                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       658942                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       438337                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1901683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      2340020                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       433632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       570167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       225310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2045549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            3274658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       433632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       570167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       225310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2045549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           3274658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          709                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5081                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         5790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          665                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1559                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         2224                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       311715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        50504                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        362219                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        49094                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3355                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        52449                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       220443                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        48075                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       268518                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        49094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       532158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        98579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           683186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        49094                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       532158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        98579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          683186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1015922                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1015922                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       601707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       601707                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          733                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5108                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         5841                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          694                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1566                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         2260                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       443545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       194370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       637915                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       711391                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       658780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1949758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2608538                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1102325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2144128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        3957844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       482726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1102325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       228665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2144128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       3957844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.967258                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991269                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.958213                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995530                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984071                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.702781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.259834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.567817                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.101702                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014672                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.073727                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.334623                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.024657                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102938                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.101702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.482760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.172616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.101702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.482760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.045976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.172616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         379539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              379539                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               4589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            125420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              8447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             8447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       233723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           65715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          5490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          19946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            61369                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           55590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       120831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       189696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        42161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       228607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         5200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       275968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       238937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        20872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       259809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        80256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       490407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       570663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               1106440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       862464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      6683328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      7556484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      6529280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        27704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total      6556984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1712128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     10462016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12174144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               26287612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         1662974                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          2345222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.692525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.461448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 721096     30.75%     30.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                1624126     69.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            2345222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            366768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       567704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          259812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          3906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          19103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           566095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          560549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       363262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1751392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       273126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2024518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       717998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       717998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               2742516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     61337856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side      6578296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     67916152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     27568512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     27568512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               95484664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          256991                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          2058773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.120445                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.325481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                1810805     87.96%     87.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 247968     12.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            2058773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       226489                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.092023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs         3413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       226489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.015069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.963227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.134139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.422556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.552046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.011794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.497702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.008384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.213910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.222003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses      3959540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses      3959540                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       188201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       188201                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           34                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           44                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4984                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8523                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19960                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17396                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        37356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        22502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        42295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        36058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total        79651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        36058                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total        79651                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       188201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       188201                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4984                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        37364                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        22502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18664                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       162944                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total        79695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total        79695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999540                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999150                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.935238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       188180                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       188180                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements        83218                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.307734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         2633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs        83218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.031640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3.293901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.808831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.630580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.815861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     5.758561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.205869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.113052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.101911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.050991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.359910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      1389349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      1389349                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16805                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total           76                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           46                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total           76                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2746                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1616                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6454                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        14793                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        70679                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total        85472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19595                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14946                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total        85472                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16805                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2746                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2986                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1616                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6473                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8367                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13168                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6609                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        70708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total        85548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total        85548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999590                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        16715                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        16715                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements        83114                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.184492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         2629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs        83114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.031631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.237666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.089688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.809106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.990353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     6.057678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.139854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.130606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.113069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.061897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.378605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      1387860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      1387860                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total           71                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2746                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1616                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6443                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         8320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        14763                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        70638                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total        85401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19548                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        14922                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total        85401                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          240                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2746                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2986                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          471                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1616                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         8339                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        14793                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        70679                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total        85472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        47848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         3083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total        85472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998296                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997972                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997260                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999243                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        16619                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        16619                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       226475                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.040329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs         3431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       226475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.015150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.879967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.103657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.476462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.007529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.560923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.011790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.492498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.217279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.222558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses      4121389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses      4121389                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       188180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       188180                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4984                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         8523                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        19960                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        17394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       200298                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        22502                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        18662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        42295                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data        36056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       242593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data        36056                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       242593                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       188180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       188180                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4984                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3539                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         8523                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19960                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        17396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       162944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       200300                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        22502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        18662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        42295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       242595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        42462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       163435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       242595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999885                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999990                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       188165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       188165                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits            55564959                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses            144172                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses        55498781                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           13345621                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses             7767                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       13232422                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits            68910580                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses            151939                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses        68731203                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          302706467                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              312                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      302706779                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               409432101                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          303422005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            303422005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    207288105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     133414016                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             985958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     21943396                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           207288105                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            133414016                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    398763054                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    140029140                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    177324814                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    120697989                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             69084446                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           55730173                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          13354273                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      105550710.937007                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      303881390.062993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.742202                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.257798                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 26727692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      1769386      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        118486870     39.03%     39.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult         5465185      1.80%     41.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       56864508     18.73%     60.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp         838692      0.28%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt       15852482      5.22%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      32507260     10.71%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv         863815      0.28%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt        274392      0.09%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        55741656     18.36%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       13354747      4.40%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1554951      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         303573944                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits            55925042                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses            145450                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses        55900744                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           13363650                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses             8707                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       13267634                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits            69288692                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses            154157                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses        69168378                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          304869861                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              425                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      304870286                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               409017326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          305415427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            305415427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    208740713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     134177042                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             963830                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     22106632                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           208740713                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            134177042                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads    401364470                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    141041805                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    178159542                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    121427720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs             69469154                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts           56095878                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          13373276                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      103448022.382710                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      305569303.617290                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.747082                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.252918                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 26912588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass      1788871      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        119393068     39.07%     39.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult         5481811      1.79%     41.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       57202139     18.72%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp         846348      0.28%     60.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt       16010957      5.24%     65.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      32661734     10.69%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv         863771      0.28%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt        274392      0.09%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead        56102089     18.36%     95.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       13373628      4.38%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess       1570786      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total         305569594                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            35362139                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              4777                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses        31336249                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           15975321                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             4406                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       13106402                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            51337460                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              9183                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        44442651                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          178307508                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             2704                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      178310212                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles               409433112                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          201246220                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            201246220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    186328728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses      17642530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            2321593                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     12798414                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           186328728                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts             17642530                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    299680356                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    152841336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads     23059685                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes     14915849                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             51387664                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           35405774                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          15981890                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      207971864.637716                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      201461247.362284                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.492049                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.507951                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 15847052                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      2680342      1.33%      1.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        132561953     65.87%     67.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         1728321      0.86%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd        7004235      3.48%     71.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        1462881      0.73%     72.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        1094281      0.54%     72.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult       2629848      1.31%     74.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          64180      0.03%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt         64000      0.03%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        35612155     17.70%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       15987567      7.94%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        365662      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         201255425                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            58363181                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses            146681                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        58190842                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           14451564                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7769                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       14126914                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits            72814745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses            154450                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses        72317756                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          317671479                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              501                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      317671980                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles               409431126                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          319235465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            319235465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    220113510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     136632214                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            1012384                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     22774562                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           220113510                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            136632214                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    420454740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    150087432                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    181609106                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    123796019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs             72992970                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           58532465                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          14460505                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      89718317.579228                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      319712808.420772                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.780871                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.219129                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 27648228                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass      2302476      0.72%      0.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        126741718     39.68%     40.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult         5499797      1.72%     42.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     42.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       58301301     18.25%     60.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp         951188      0.30%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt       16498770      5.17%     65.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      33355628     10.44%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv         866401      0.27%     76.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt        275216      0.09%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        58547823     18.33%     94.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       14461235      4.53%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1588362      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         319389915                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3506                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         116480                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       204895                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        75360                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        12565                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         3156                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        13723                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        220108                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       215093                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       112974                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       718836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       718836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       272884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       272884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total             991720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     27569600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     27569600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side      6567672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total      6567672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            34137272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      1610281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       2201881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.709569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.453961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1              639494     29.04%     29.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             1562387     70.96%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         2201881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.059662                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2059662136500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4526136835000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 672785                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   672785                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               91732127                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 775336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 22453.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15106047138                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15106047138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       436288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       570496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       281920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       374144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2776320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      3594560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       457664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       410880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8902272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       436288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       281920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2776320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       457664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      3952192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2703104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2703104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         6817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         4405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         5846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        56165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         6420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             139098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        42236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             42236                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       211825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       276985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       136877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       181653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1347949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1745218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       222203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       199489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              4322200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       211825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       136877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1347949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       222203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         1918855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1312402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1312402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1312402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       211825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       276985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       136877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       181653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1347949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1745218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       222203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       199489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             5634602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       152000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     18734336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        86592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     16851520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       352064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     78773952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       168896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     17800320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       118784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         133038464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       152000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        86592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       352064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       168896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       759552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     81846144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       81846144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       292724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data       263305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         5501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1230843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst         2639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       278130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2078726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1278846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1278846                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        73799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      9095830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        42042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      8181691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       170933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     38246055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        82002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      8642349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide          57672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             64592373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        73799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        42042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       170933                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        82002                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total          368775                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks       39737655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            39737655                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks       39737655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        73799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      9095830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        42042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      8181691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       170933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     38246055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        82002                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      8642349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide         57672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           104330028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     659                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   2423756                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   10902     25.08%     25.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    148      0.34%     25.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   2109      4.85%     30.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    308      0.71%     30.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  29997     69.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               43464                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    10902     45.30%     45.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     148      0.61%     45.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    2109      8.76%     54.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     308      1.28%     55.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   10600     44.04%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                24067                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2057182069000     99.88%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               11100000      0.00%     99.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              103341000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               41371000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2263280000      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2059601161000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.353369                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.553723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     10.00%     10.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        9     90.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    10                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  206      0.38%      0.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  620      1.13%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                37779     68.90%     70.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   4254      7.76%     78.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3120      5.69%     83.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 541      0.99%     84.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     84.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               8306     15.15%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 54828                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               2312                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               2312                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 2312                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.618513                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.764298                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      349432820500     16.91%     16.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1716506539500     83.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     620                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         31405671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.489623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          800584098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31405671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.491705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   507.489623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.991191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1708625362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1708625362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    603038595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      603038595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    203769255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     203769255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        26847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        26847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        25056                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    806807850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       806807850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    806807850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      806807850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     29667133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29667133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1981604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1981604                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8733                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8733                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10237                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     31648737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      31648737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     31648737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     31648737                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    632705728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    632705728                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    205750859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    205750859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        35580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        35580                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        35293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        35293                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    838456587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    838456587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    838456587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    838456587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.009631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.245447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.245447                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.290058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.290058                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2721284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2721284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          3272596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         3404663425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3272596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1040.355554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6880719510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      6880719510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3435450861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3435450861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3435450861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      3435450861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   3435450861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     3435450861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3272596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       3272596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      3272596                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3438723457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3438723457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3438723457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   3438723457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   3438723457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   3438723457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3272596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          3272596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     660                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   2433178                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   10190     27.11%     27.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   2109      5.61%     32.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    317      0.84%     33.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  24976     66.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               37592                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    10190     45.29%     45.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    2109      9.37%     54.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     317      1.41%     56.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    9883     43.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                22499                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2057828494000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              103341000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               42788000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1626122500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2059600745500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.395700                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.598505                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        4     80.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  183      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  567      1.16%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                32274     66.02%     67.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   4233      8.66%     76.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2892      5.92%     82.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 454      0.93%     83.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     83.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               8281     16.94%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 48886                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2492                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               2232                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                967                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               2472                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 2232                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  240                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.991974                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.248190                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.868740                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1787927000      0.09%      0.09% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1720286916500     83.27%     83.36% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        343865190500     16.64%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     567                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         31291192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.133466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          809908479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31291192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.882954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.133466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1710030538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1710030538                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    604080448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      604080448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    203679870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     203679870                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        18412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18412                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    807760318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       807760318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    807760318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      807760318                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     29601697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29601697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1884301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1884301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4795                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         4795                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         9040                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9040                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     31485998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      31485998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     31485998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     31485998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    633682145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    633682145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    205564171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    205564171                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        27642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27642                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        27452                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27452                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    839246316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    839246316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    839246316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    839246316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.173468                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.173468                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.329302                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.329302                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2651856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2651856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          3131161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         3406564291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3131161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1087.955647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6892890103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      6892890103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3441748310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3441748310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3441748310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      3441748310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   3441748310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     3441748310                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3131161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       3131161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      3131161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3444879471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3444879471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3444879471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   3444879471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   3444879471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   3444879471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3131161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          3131161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     452                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   2148454                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   18557     33.78%     33.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.01%     33.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   2109      3.84%     37.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    144      0.26%     37.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  34115     62.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               54929                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    18525     47.30%     47.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.01%     47.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    2109      5.38%     52.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     144      0.37%     53.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   18383     46.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                39165                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2057351824000     99.89%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 286000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              103341000      0.01%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               17411000      0.00%     99.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2173531500      0.11%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2059646393500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.538854                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.713011                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.04%      0.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                      1232     53.75%     53.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                       912     39.79%     93.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                        36      1.57%     95.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      0.04%     95.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                       36      1.57%     96.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       37      1.61%     98.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                       37      1.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                  2292                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  522      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  501      0.57%      1.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                47301     53.61%     54.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6109      6.92%     61.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    5372      6.09%     67.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                2899      3.29%     71.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     71.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              25524     28.93%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 88230                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5873                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               4885                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               4885                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 4885                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.831773                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.908161                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      298818177500     14.51%     14.51% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        1760828216000     85.49%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     501                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         28969661                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.649921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          833413452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         28969661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.768492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   504.649921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.985644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1754371878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1754371878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    627869081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      627869081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    205357996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     205357996                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        98130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        98130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        97524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        97524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    833227077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       833227077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    833227077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      833227077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     26390609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     26390609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2798330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2798330                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8690                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8690                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8453                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8453                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     29188939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      29188939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     29188939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     29188939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    654259690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    654259690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    208156326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    208156326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       106820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       106820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       105977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    862416016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    862416016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    862416016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    862416016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013443                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.081352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081352                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079763                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.079763                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3795969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3795969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          2951890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         3537129154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          2951890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1198.259134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       7084610842                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      7084610842                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3537877586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3537877586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3537877586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      3537877586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   3537877586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     3537877586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2951890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       2951890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      2951890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3540829476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3540829476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3540829476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   3540829476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   3540829476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   3540829476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2951890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          2951890                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     658                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   2444657                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   10360     27.18%     27.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   2109      5.53%     32.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    402      1.05%     33.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  25241     66.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               38112                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    10360     45.04%     45.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    2109      9.17%     54.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     402      1.75%     55.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   10132     44.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                23003                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            2057798992000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              103341000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               46007500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1651548000      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        2059599888500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.401410                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.603563                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1     25.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        1     25.00%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1     25.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  179      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  577      1.17%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                32767     66.33%     67.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4230      8.56%     76.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2914      5.90%     82.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 468      0.95%     83.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     83.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               8266     16.73%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 49403                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3491                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2256                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2256                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2256                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.646233                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.785105                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      346690547000     16.78%     16.78% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1719245561500     83.22%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     577                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         31348994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.031818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          807952317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         31348994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.772831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   507.031818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.990297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.900391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1709267525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1709267525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    603727649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      603727649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    203507407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     203507407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        22780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18390                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18390                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    807235056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       807235056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    807235056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      807235056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     29622936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     29622936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1948331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1948331                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5114                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9298                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9298                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     31571267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      31571267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     31571267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     31571267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    633350585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    633350585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    205455738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    205455738                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        27894                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        27688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    838806323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    838806323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    838806323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    838806323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.009483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.183337                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.183337                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.335813                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.335813                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2702688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2702688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          3132800                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         3360724778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          3132800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1072.754334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6888850078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      6888850078                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3439725839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     3439725839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3439725839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      3439725839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   3439725839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     3439725839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      3132800                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       3132800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      3132800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3442858639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3442858639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3442858639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   3442858639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   3442858639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   3442858639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      3132800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          3132800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  936                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 936                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               13206                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              13206                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        21552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        24432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   28284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        86208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1629                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          747                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        88724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   211652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1926                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17334                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                6                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     138671917                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     69322416                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     18269737                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1239829                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1195568                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        44261                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           65687003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               5829                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              5829                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      5373140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2737257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict         42791347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           150103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          19277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          169380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           3715802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          3715802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        6403757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      59282358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      8102209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     88172176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      7442562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     86340825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              190057772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    309095232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2194695005                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    275929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   2181113608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              4960833509                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          6626500                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         144999440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.261215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.439991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               107167721     73.91%     73.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                37787458     26.06%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   44261      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           144999440                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     133279796                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     66599388                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests     15535059                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          603104                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       551383                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        51721                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  42                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           62112081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6498657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2919045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict         41491964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           116043                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          17751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          133794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4630618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4630618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        6084690                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      56027349                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7349982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     81646620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7738443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     87938521                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              184673566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    281477888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2106276575                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    294761152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   2191790672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              4874306287                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          4128040                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         137132083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.231800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.422875                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               105396612     76.86%     76.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                31683750     23.10%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   51721      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           137132083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements              604139                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15893.357510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             114840934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs              604139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              190.090251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3247.985607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5.148882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    34.370570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     7.401694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     4.627073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   399.453439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  6115.615647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   238.658340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  5840.096256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.198241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.002098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.373268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.356451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.915771                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           967341073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          967341073                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      5373140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      5373140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2737257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      2737257                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          140                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            241                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      1591328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      1641949                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         3233277                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3263404                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      3125403                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      6388807                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     29311348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     29273427                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     58584775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3263404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     30902676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      3125403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     30915376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           68206859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      3263404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     30902676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      3125403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     30915376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          68206859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        78779                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        57702                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       136481                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7532                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6841                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        14373                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       268922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       164533                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        433455                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9192                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5758                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        14950                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       349412                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       278853                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       628265                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       618334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       443386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          1076670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         9192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       618334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         5758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       443386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         1076670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      5373140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      5373140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2737257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2737257                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        78919                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57803                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       136722                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7544                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6849                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        14393                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1860250                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1806482                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      3666732                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6403757                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     29660760                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     29552280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     59213040                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     31521010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     31358762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       69283529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      3272596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     31521010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      3131161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     31358762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      69283529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998226                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998237                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.998409                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998832                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998610                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.144562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.091079                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.118213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002809                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001839                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.002335                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.011780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.015540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         342041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              342041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1702784                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           16125.012427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             115072723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1702784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               67.579166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4917.379958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.137409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   444.897254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  4766.690564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   297.893328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  5698.013914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.300133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.027154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.290936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.347779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.984193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          859                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989807                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           947951492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          947951492                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6498657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6498657                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2919045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      2919045                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          980                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1389                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2369                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      1826641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1727964                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         3554605                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2903006                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3123006                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      6026012                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     25657931                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     29220226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     54878157                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2903006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     27484572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3123006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     30948190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           64458774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2903006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     27484572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      3123006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     30948190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          64458774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        77006                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26132                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       103138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6484                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7288                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        13772                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       861330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       161827                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1023157                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        48884                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9794                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        58678                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       717384                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       377396                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1094780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        48884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1578714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       539223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2176615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        48884                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1578714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         9794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       539223                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2176615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6498657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6498657                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2919045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2919045                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        77986                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        27521                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       105507                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6495                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7303                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        13798                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2687971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1889791                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      4577762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      6084690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     26375315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     29597622                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     55972937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     29063286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31487413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       66635389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2951890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     29063286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      3132800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     31487413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      66635389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.987434                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.949529                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.977547                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998306                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.997946                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998116                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.320439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085632                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.223506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016560                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003126                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.009644                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.027199                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.012751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019559                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.054320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.032665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.016560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.054320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.003126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         978082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              978082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            824848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       376903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          292980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          293651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         34516                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         303076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           472884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          421570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       823918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       540305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      2570194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      3123933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       730979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       741977                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               3871688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      9526080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     76548032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45413                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     86119525                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     17635648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        43311                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     17678959                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              103921748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         5691286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          7613274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.693170                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.461178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                2335980     30.68%     30.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                5277294     69.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            7613274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           1707371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1312544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          685604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          312008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         20509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         309820                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1351017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1254097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1707329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      5369008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       764245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6133253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2538002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      2538002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               8671255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    179031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     17774575                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    196805871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     76771520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     76771520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              273577391                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          691975                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          6177006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.088422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.283907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                5630824     91.16%     91.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 546182      8.84%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            6177006                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements       840765                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.636761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        41171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs       840765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.048968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.083986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.107608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.017693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.108882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.318589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.442749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.251106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.207412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.914798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     13564853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     13564853                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       334667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       334667                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           61                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        79471                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        31176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       110647                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       192275                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       117084                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       309359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       295398                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       254770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       553902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       487673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       371854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total       863261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       487673                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       371854                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total       863261                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       334667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       334667                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        79471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        31176                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       110647                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       192286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       117087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       309373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       295417                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       254798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       553949                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       487703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       371885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total       863322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       487703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       371885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total       863322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999955                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       334569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       334569                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       122172                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.215349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs        42220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       122172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.345578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.999255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.412058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.691519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.583046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.529472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.124953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.150754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.168220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.161440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.220592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      3656096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      3656096                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        33698                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33698                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          210                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          350                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data           28                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          385                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41850                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24724                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        66574                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11819                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        50100                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12012                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        62112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        78628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       180856                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       101797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        90640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       242968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       101797                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        90640                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       242968                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        33698                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33698                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41850                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24725                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        66575                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11819                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        50296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12026                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        62322                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43383                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51851                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        78642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       181031                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        90668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       243353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       102147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        90668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       243353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997030                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999441                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999822                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        33297                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        33297                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       121690                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.085992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs        42166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       121690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.346503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.298008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.531500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.763110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     2.813972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     3.679402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.081126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.158219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.172694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.175873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.229963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.817875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      3648992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      3648992                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        33297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          326                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        41860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24723                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        66583                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        11819                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        49925                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        61935                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        51542                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        78624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       180697                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       101467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        90634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       242632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       101467                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        90634                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       242632                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        33297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41860                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24724                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        66584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5973                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        11819                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        50090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        62102                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        51697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        78628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       180856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       101787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        90640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       242958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       101787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         7151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        90640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       242958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999960                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999833                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997002                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999121                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.996856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        32942                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        32942                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements       840526                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.643899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        41366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs       840526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.049214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.080809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.112103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.016041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.105800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     3.329142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.442551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.251003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.006612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.208071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     13565326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     13565326                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       334569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       334569                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total           51                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        79478                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        31180                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       110658                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         1944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       192248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       117080                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       311248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       295388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       254749                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       553871                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data       487636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data       371829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total       865119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data       487636                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data       371829                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1926                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total       865119                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       334569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       334569                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        79478                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        31180                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       110658                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          937                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1007                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         1944                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       192268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       117080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       311268                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       295398                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       254770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       553902                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       487666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       371850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total       865170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       487666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       371850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total       865170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999918                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       334462                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       334462                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           632411834                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           2248178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       633361854                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits          205788028                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           117871                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses      205157651                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           838199862                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           2366049                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       838519505                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         3433604736                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              314                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     3433605050                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              4119202947                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         3436357408                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           3436357408                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   2330019488                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    1516962570                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           19123159                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    250957094                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          2330019488                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           1516962570                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   4585864733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1562351234                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   2130818881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   1335422401                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            840900756                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          634990374                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts         205910382                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      680581114.331344                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      3438621832.668655                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.834778                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.165222                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                304594076                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     32331408      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1292858344     37.60%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        85491446      2.49%     41.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd      634383908     18.45%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        8812895      0.26%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt      121769209      3.54%     63.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     379873244     11.05%     74.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv       13765286      0.40%     74.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt       4590326      0.13%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       635045497     18.47%     93.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite      205915286      5.99%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess      23886608      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        3438723457                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           633326811                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           2254631                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       634615332                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits          205592868                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           126921                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses      205163747                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           838919679                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           2381552                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       839779079                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         3441096963                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              314                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     3441097277                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4119202211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         3442497919                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           3442497919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   2334242047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    1520170823                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls           19093433                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    251412270                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          2334242047                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           1520170823                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   4594465163                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1565361133                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   2134622001                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   1338397488                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            841688517                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          635964418                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts         205724099                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      674425163.140516                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      3444777047.859484                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.836273                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.163727                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                305153629                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     32089386      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1295633249     37.61%     38.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        85625597      2.49%     41.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd      635752111     18.45%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        8907956      0.26%     59.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt      122267401      3.55%     63.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     380490896     11.05%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv       13774309      0.40%     74.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt       4596264      0.13%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       636002179     18.46%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite      205724710      5.97%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess      24015413      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        3444879471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           654062445                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           1959977                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       652850958                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          208266262                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            96421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses      206168299                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           862328707                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           2056398                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       859019257                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         3522419350                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1570                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     3522420920                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4119324725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         3538773078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           3538773078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   2405722931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    1566685810                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           27120361                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    240997729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          2405722931                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           1566685810                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   4735856201                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1605507327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   2135673933                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   1384537880                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            864693489                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          656326529                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         208366960                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      578493739.945941                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3540830985.054059                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.859566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.140434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                298994528                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     45590287      1.29%      1.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1332224859     37.62%     38.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        73652900      2.08%     40.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     40.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      654555942     18.49%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       14358801      0.41%     59.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt      145522840      4.11%     63.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     373438923     10.55%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv       11805794      0.33%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt       3927114      0.11%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       656499163     18.54%     93.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      208369547      5.88%     99.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      20883306      0.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        3540829476                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           633046386                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           2259070                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       634328013                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits          205484665                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           133439                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses      205050502                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           838531051                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses           2392509                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       839378515                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         3439019885                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              314                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     3439020199                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4119200495                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         3440466130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           3440466130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   2332776754                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    1519563252                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls           19066108                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    251263535                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          2332776754                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           1519563252                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   4591840753                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1564324814                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   2133821707                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   1337822199                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            841259994                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          635637549                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts         205622445                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      676445651.462590                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      3442754843.537410                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.835782                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.164218                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                304956639                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     31953500      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1294588491     37.60%     38.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        85577037      2.49%     41.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     41.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd      635491192     18.46%     59.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        8874288      0.26%     59.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt      122206470      3.55%     63.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     380377408     11.05%     74.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv       13770561      0.40%     74.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt       4593656      0.13%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       635675470     18.46%     93.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite      205623164      5.97%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess      24127402      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        3442858639                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              42                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         734800                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       367866                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       300344                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       187996                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        18043                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       191005                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        419678                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       373370                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       734758                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      2575752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      2575752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       763064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       763064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total            3338816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     76783296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     76783296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     17723631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     17723631                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total            94506927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                      5420464                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples       6894723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.704965                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.456058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             2034184     29.50%     29.50% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2             4860539     70.50%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total         6894723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001682                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1681534000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4527818369000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             4018032342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               4018002795                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              447157084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 775336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15109590575                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15109590575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       116096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       119744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         8640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            434112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       116096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       119744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        16256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       252160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        30208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          30208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               6783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     69041720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     29078211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        38060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     71211168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     73989583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9667363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5138166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            258164271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     69041720                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        38060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     71211168                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      9667363                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       149958312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       17964549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            17964549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       17964549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     69041720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     29078211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        38060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     71211168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     73989583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      9667363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5138166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           276128820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       461760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        46848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       896704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        67008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1476608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        46848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       843520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         843520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         7215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        14011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              23072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        13180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             13180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       685089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    274606401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        38060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     27860275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    533265459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1826903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     39849328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            878131516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       685089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     27860275                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1826903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        30372267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      501637196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           501637196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      501637196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       685089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    274606401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        38060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     27860275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    533265459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1826903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     39849328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1379768711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1948                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     553     44.96%     44.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.48%     52.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.16%     52.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     52.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    582     47.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1230                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      551     46.07%     46.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      7.69%     53.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.17%     53.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     54.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     550     45.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1196                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1682112000     96.54%     96.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.40%     96.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     96.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     96.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               53138000      3.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1742360000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996383                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.945017                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.972358                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.35%      4.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.08%      4.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  941     77.19%     81.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      8      0.66%     82.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.08%     82.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     194     15.91%     98.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.23%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1219                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              246                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.390244                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.562682                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1670668000     95.68%     95.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      4.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12878                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.048250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6700633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           500.420687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   457.048250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.892672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           435518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          435518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       100702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         100702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1741                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1741                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       194383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          194383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       194383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         194383                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7098                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       106632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       100779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       207411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       207411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.055612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.070431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070431                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.079389                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.079389                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.066488                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.066488                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.062812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8339                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           83142730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         16299.300137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1169673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1169673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       577950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         577950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       577950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          577950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       577950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         577950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       582541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       582541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       582541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       582541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       582541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       582541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4589                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        42                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      10     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      2.63%     34.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     25     65.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  38                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       10     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      4.55%     59.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                       9     40.91%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   22                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1536695500     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                1129500      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1538087500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.360000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   32     82.05%     82.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4     10.26%     92.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       3      7.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    39                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.891876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6496312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         15072.649652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   432.891876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.845492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.845492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          412                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             2427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            2427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            5                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           12                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.031873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.016588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.416667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.416667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.026383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               91                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          106123948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         175993.280265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             7031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            7031                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           3379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            3379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         3379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           3379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           91                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         3470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         3470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.026225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.026225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.026225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               91                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4174                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1561     48.95%     48.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.06%     49.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     49.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1625     50.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                3189                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1561     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.06%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.03%     50.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1560     49.94%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 3124                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1195009500     80.09%     80.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     80.10% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     80.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              296797500     19.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1492069500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.960000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979617                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      7.69%      7.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      7.69%     15.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     30.77%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      7.69%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      7.69%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      7.69%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      7.69%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      7.69%     84.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      7.69%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                        1      7.69%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    13                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   25      0.76%      0.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 3144     95.88%     96.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.12%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     96.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      42      1.28%     98.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  22      0.67%     98.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.15%     98.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 33      1.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  3279                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               68                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 40                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 41                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   40                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.602941                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         551864500     38.83%     38.83% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           869377500     61.17%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      25                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            23168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.092822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             964571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            40.842232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   506.092822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.988463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1775318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1775318                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       506036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         506036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       303636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        303636                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        20452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20452                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       809672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          809672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       809672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         809672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          368                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          368                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           27                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         25410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        25410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        25410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       525674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       525674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       309408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       309408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       835082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       835082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       835082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       835082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018655                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017967                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017967                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001318                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.030428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.030428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            15583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             6193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3566868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           531.971365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.971697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5632890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         5632890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2807148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2807148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2807148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         2807148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      2807148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        2807148                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          6198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         6198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2813346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2813346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2813346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      2813346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      2813346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      2813346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             6193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       909                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     145     45.31%     45.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.62%     45.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.94%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    170     53.12%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      145     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.68%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.02%     51.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     144     48.98%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  294                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1529926500     99.41%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                8700500      0.57%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1539076500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.847059                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.918750                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.25%      0.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     14.72%     14.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.02%     15.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  245     62.18%     78.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      1.27%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      71     18.02%     97.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.28%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.25%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   394                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              129                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.519380                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.683673                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1508164500     99.46%     99.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          443.893369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             209463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            83.953106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   443.893369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.866979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.589844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            84574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           84574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        23952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          510                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          510                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           37675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          37675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          704                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           50                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          529                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        40040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        40040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        40040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.048797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048797                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.094518                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094518                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035917                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.059066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.059066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          111106177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         57212.243563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           292498                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          292498                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         144104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          144104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       144104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         144104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       145534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       145534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       145534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 392                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                392                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35605                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17224                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1301                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5301                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5063                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          238                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11346                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8347                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3890                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4054                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              152                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6953                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6953                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4682                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  54211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       539072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1370259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         9536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         2392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1921259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            63523                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             99987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.075080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.272404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   92718     92.73%     92.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    7031      7.03%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     238      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               99987                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         68851                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        35657                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2031                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            8972                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8585                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          387                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              29345                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7929                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             46                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3893                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           7628                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         21717                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        17807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        74236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 102887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       742976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2484195                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       160512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       224424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 3612107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            50434                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            118974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.113218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.327222                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  105901     89.01%     89.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   12676     10.65%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     397      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              118974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7260                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           13270.616753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs               8575606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               23212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs              369.447096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2118.486187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           31                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            4                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   558.361214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  5493.469831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   579.854692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  4475.444828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.129302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.034080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.335295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.273159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.809974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973633                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              292630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             292630                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3890                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3890                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             546                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2758                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2848                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2744                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2765                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3288                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          123                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6407                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1832                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1833                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3335                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3890                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3890                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          123                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6950                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4590                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           21                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           91                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.921727                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.921473                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.399129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.391583                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.548610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.546721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.399129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.747640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.652701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.399129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.747640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.652701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           3339                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                3339                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               21431                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           16076.033153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                185515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               35611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.209486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4633.846204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  2073.135353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  9025.846862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   212.421667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   130.783066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.282828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.126534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.550894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.012965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              562210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             562210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         6489                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           85                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             90                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1589                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          115                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1704                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3595                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1128                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4723                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4442                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5454                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              11881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         6031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             11881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2424                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2441                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1634                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          551                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          302                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2905                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        15495                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          646                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            21231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         2603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        17129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           21231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6489                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2509                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2531                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          666                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3889                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         7628                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19937                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        21595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          33112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         6198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         33112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.966122                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.772727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.964441                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.904762                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.931034                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.506981                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.827327                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.561841                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.419974                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.211189                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.380834                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.777198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.389626                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.747442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.419974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.211189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.515060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.641187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.419974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.211189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.515060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.641187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks          10314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total               10314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              9766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           161                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        24507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        32545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        11993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 44538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       177600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       760512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2283                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       940395                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       298048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           75                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       298123                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1238518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           50120                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            76020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.634215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.481653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  27807     36.58%     36.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  48213     63.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              76020                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             21539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           12917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2889                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            81                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        21539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        55354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        12303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        67657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        24397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        24397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 92054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1719488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       298443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      2017931                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       760512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       760512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2778443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           13429                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            73621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.179283                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.383592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  60422     82.07%     82.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  13199     17.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              73621                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         5626                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.315666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         5642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.021801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.981363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     4.320801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.623835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.270050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       135707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       135707                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3269                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         8614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         8614                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3269                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         8614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         8614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         4425                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.660599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         4440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.007207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.815474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.482826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.843200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.861420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.657680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.363467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.217677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.302700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.053839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.041105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        68269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        68269                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          405                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          209                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4047                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1984                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         4256                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          405                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          204                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         4257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         4257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.995098                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          403                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         4423                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.660930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         4438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.229131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.657298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.117214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.974481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.682806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.264321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.291081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.319826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.060905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.042675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        68242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        68242                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          403                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          209                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1780                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4046                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         4255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1983                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         4255                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          403                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1781                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4047                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         4256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         4256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999439                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999753                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          402                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          402                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         5628                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.997694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         5644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.022325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.532841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.451623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.720803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.215726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       135723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       135723                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         8614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         8614                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          376                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2475                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         8614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         8614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         3271                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              108497                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             103051                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              211548                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             176024                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         176176                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 3485058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             582059                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               582059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       559865                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20275                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              559865                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       784963                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       392438                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               212847                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             109520                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            103327                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      2881234.944204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      603823.055796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.173261                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.826739                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    80543                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10351      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           340099     58.38%     60.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             626      0.11%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          113896     19.55%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         103399     17.75%     97.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12771      2.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            582541                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                 765                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                437                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                1202                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                541                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            541                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3076118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               3470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 3470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         3307                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                3307                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         4446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         2601                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                 1205                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                765                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               440                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3072946.817883                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       3171.182117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001031                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998969                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass           16      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             2032     58.56%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              10      0.29%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead             793     22.85%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            440     12.68%     94.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess           179      5.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              3470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              545862                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               543                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          357853                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             329857                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               31                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses         228571                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              875719                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               574                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          586424                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            1737889                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              306                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        1738195                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2952580                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            2812760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              2812760                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      2696891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         18144                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              78875                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       401875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             2696891                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                18144                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      3618759                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      1942531                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        12334                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        12276                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               876678                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             546699                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            329979                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      482356.482474                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2470223.517526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.836632                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.163368                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   499438                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        63434      2.25%      2.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          1812840     64.44%     66.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            5613      0.20%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           5604      0.20%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           3661      0.13%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            931      0.03%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          570193     20.27%     87.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         330266     11.74%     99.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         20802      0.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           2813346                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               25596                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14853                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               40449                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              24349                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          24474                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3078097                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             145148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               145148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       139532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3023                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16729                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              139532                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       185686                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       106732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                41560                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              26481                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             15079                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      2944784.138569                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      133312.861431                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.043310                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.956690                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    20937                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2794      1.92%      1.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            93051     63.94%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             105      0.07%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           27585     18.95%     84.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          15089     10.37%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6882      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            145534                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6540                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3674                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6418                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          417                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           69                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          466                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6330                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6330                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6540                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        24509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        24509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        12299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        12299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              36808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       760640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       760640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       298251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       298251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1058891                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        53500                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         74821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.686452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.463938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               23460     31.35%     31.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               51361     68.65%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           74821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
