
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.324422                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1324421844000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3628259857500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1420059                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1420059                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              592435300                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 709056                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2235.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3174619799                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3174619799                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       16338048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data      121563712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst       15463808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data      120359232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst       14780096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data      116244160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst       13895616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data      105705792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          524350464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst     16338048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst     15463808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst     14780096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst     13895616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total      60477568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    370140544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       370140544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst          255282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data         1899433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst          241622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data         1880613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst          230939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data         1816315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst          217119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data         1651653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8192976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5783446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5783446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst          12335985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          91786248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst          11675893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data          90876810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          11159659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data          87769739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst          10491835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data          79812782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             395908952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst     12335985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst     11675893                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     11159659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst     10491835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         45663372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       279473301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            279473301                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       279473301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst         12335985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         91786248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst         11675893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data         90876810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         11159659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data         87769739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst         10491835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data         79812782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            675382252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8192976                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5783446                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8192976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5783446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              521074880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3275584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               370138432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               524350464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            370140544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  51181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs        53289                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            482888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            668707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            508424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            453670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            576080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            545257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            579943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            448877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            428014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            441262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           382017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           408533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           401947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           659744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           493804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           662628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            360359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            515163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            401849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            365123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            404769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            436580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            462470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            275294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            264843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            315773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           258726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           254923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           302069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           485790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           277563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           402119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1324421830500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8192976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5783446                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6705643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1256312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  158508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   21332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 142474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 152612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 284697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 335975                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 346787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 348625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 348350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 347949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 347418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 347148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 357176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 355689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 353374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 349365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 344359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 340406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 339861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 339574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                   1222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6791241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.229770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.711612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   148.163660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4152596     61.15%     61.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1855879     27.33%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       419498      6.18%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       134703      1.98%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        64958      0.96%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        39812      0.59%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27142      0.40%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        19977      0.29%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        76676      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6791241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       339180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.004278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     11.606018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        339089     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           89      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        339180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       339180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.051162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.007324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.241100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           184144     54.29%     54.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             8215      2.42%     56.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18           103786     30.60%     87.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19            33449      9.86%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             7898      2.33%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21             1407      0.41%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22              214      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               51      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24               13      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        339180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 149506552750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            302165209000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                40708975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18362.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37112.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       393.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       279.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    395.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    279.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4043422                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 3090541                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                53.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      94761.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              27979446600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15266563125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             33257975400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            20876013360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          86504530320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         826868412945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          69327646500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1080080588250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            815.513355                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 110489843250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   44225220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1169702976750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              23362335360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12747306000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             30247986600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            16600502880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          86504530320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         822244234365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          73383943500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1065090839025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            804.195366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 117245003250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   44225220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1162951373250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   165978596                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     32700                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               164484106                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   66782619                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     7491                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               64249355                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                   232761215                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     40191                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses               228733461                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  751583367                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    10592                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              751593959                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7255865533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  760271153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    760271153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            700005415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                309576                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     747559                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     55667400                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   700005415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       309576                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1033182110                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         575483129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               44983                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              45090                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    232830875                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  166033899                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  66796976                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              564224775.851089                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6691640757.148911                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.922239                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.077761                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         60431183                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             55993441      7.36%      7.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                469953737     61.81%     69.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  397226      0.05%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     69.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 260145      0.03%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                  12235      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   3659      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     69.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               166197413     21.86%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               66802750      8.79%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                690738      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 760311344                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     235                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    105041                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   12949     30.65%     30.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1357      3.21%     33.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                   1039      2.46%     36.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  26907     63.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               42252                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    12949     45.80%     45.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1357      4.80%     50.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                    1039      3.68%     54.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12926     45.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                28271                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1301873252500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1732101500      0.13%     98.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1668533000      0.13%     98.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            18820900500      1.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1324094787500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.480395                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.669104                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.66%      0.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       49     16.17%     16.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.33%     17.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      0.66%     17.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       58     19.14%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      191     63.04%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   303                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  831      1.60%      1.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1255      2.41%      4.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.02%      4.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                35644     68.56%     72.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   2998      5.77%     78.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4338      8.34%     86.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 396      0.76%     87.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.02%     87.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               6508     12.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 51988                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5591                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4053                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4053                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4053                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.724915                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.840523                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      174245847000     12.98%     12.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        1168182641500     87.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1255                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4582605                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.714196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          228124340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4582605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.780494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2304505331500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   504.714196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.985770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.908203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        470187556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       470187556                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data    162446612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      162446612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data     65588063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      65588063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data        44692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        44692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data        50545                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50545                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data    228034675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       228034675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data    228034675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      228034675                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      3496485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3496485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1136260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1136260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7025                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7025                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      4632745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4632745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      4632745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4632745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137647627500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 137647627500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  68195127500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68195127500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    525995500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    525995500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65546000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     65546000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1941500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1941500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 205842755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 205842755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 205842755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 205842755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data    165943097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    165943097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data     66724323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     66724323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        58040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        58040                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data        57570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        57570                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data    232667420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    232667420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data    232667420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    232667420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122025                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.122025                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39367.429719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39367.429719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60017.185767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60017.185767                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39406.315553                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39406.315553                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9330.391459                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9330.391459                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44432.135807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44432.135807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44432.135807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44432.135807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3904020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3904020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      3496485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3496485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1136260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1136260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13348                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13348                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7025                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7025                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4632745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4632745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      4632745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4632745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         3186                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3186                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 134151142500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 134151142500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  67058867500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67058867500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512647500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512647500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58735000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58735000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1727500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1727500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 201210010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 201210010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 201210010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 201210010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     14096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     14096500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    707904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    707904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    722000500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    722000500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.017029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229979                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122025                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122025                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38367.429719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38367.429719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59017.185767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59017.185767                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38406.315553                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38406.315553                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8360.854093                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8360.854093                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43432.135807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43432.135807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43432.135807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43432.135807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227362.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227362.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226601.792574                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226601.792574                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 226616.603892                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226616.603892                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           458526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.799497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          751570896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           458526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1639.102027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2313970838500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.799497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1521081726                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1521081726                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst    759852306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      759852306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst    759852306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       759852306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst    759852306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      759852306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       459038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        459038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       459038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26289544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26289544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26289544500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  26289544500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  26289544500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  26289544500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst    760311344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    760311344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst    760311344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    760311344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst    760311344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    760311344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57270.954692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57270.954692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57270.954692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57270.954692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 57270.954692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57270.954692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       459038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       459038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       459038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25830506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25830506500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25830506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25830506500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  25830506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25830506500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56270.954692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56270.954692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56270.954692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56270.954692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56270.954692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56270.954692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   153409917                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     35032                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               151841829                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   56563729                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     8656                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               53972041                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                   209973646                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     43688                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses               205813870                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  787406852                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                    10454                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              787417306                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7256519715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  796667845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    796667845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            746681714                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                305382                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     724300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     50618912                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   746681714                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       305382                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1113579314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         637917937                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               76742                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              77057                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    210059572                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  153479451                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  56580121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              550979405.000947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              6705540309.999053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.924071                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.075929                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         54142639                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             46838736      5.88%      5.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                538272507     67.56%     73.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  318276      0.04%     73.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 217984      0.03%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                  19800      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   6335      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               153712476     19.29%     92.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               56583969      7.10%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                741450      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 796711533                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     247                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    118742                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   14435     33.80%     33.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1356      3.18%     36.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    928      2.17%     39.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  25985     60.85%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               42704                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    14435     46.41%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1356      4.36%     50.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     928      2.98%     53.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   14381     46.24%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                31100                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1305820259500     98.59%     98.59% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1720499500      0.13%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1360926000      0.10%     98.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15645871500      1.18%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1324547556500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.553435                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.728269                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.77%      0.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        8      2.05%      2.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.26%      3.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        7      1.79%      4.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                      169     43.33%     48.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                      202     51.79%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   390                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                 1220      1.95%      1.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1451      2.32%      4.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      4.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                35810     57.35%     61.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   3106      4.97%     66.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4731      7.58%     74.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 852      1.36%     75.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.01%     75.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              15249     24.42%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 62437                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5786                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               4421                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                395                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               4464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 4421                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   43                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.771517                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.108861                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.842105                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       54239862500      3.97%      3.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        1168987612500     85.52%     89.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        143647677000     10.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1451                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          3903426                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.367007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          206066916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3903426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.791296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2304504613000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   507.367007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.990951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        423948935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       423948935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data    150458986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      150458986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data     55461720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55461720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        61532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        61532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        68208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        68208                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data    205920706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       205920706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data    205920706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      205920706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data      2910646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2910646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1027229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1027229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13255                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13255                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6072                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6072                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      3937875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       3937875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      3937875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      3937875                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 130280354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 130280354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  64890213500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  64890213500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    527639000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    527639000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     52775500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     52775500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1517500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1517500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 195170567500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 195170567500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 195170567500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 195170567500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data    153369632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    153369632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data     56488949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56488949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        74787                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        74787                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        74280                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        74280                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data    209858581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    209858581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data    209858581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    209858581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.177237                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177237                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.081745                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44759.944700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44759.944700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63170.153393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63170.153393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39806.789891                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39806.789891                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8691.617260                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8691.617260                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49562.408025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49562.408025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49562.408025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49562.408025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3149668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3149668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      2910646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2910646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1027229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1027229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6072                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6072                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3937875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3937875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      3937875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3937875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127369708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 127369708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  63862984500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63862984500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    514384000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514384000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     46876500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46876500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1344500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1344500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 191232692500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 191232692500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 191232692500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191232692500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    766208000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    766208000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    766208000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    766208000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.177237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177237                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081745                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081745                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 43759.944700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43759.944700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62170.153393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62170.153393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38806.789891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38806.789891                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7720.108696                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7720.108696                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48562.408025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48562.408025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48562.408025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48562.408025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226487.732782                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226487.732782                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226487.732782                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226487.732782                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           436353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.514199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          791768608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           436353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1814.513955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2458384119500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   511.514199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.999051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1593859933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      1593859933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst    796274669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      796274669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst    796274669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       796274669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst    796274669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      796274669                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       436865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        436865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       436865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25012774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25012774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25012774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  25012774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  25012774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  25012774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst    796711534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    796711534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst    796711534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    796711534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst    796711534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    796711534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57255.156627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57255.156627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57255.156627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57255.156627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57255.156627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57255.156627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       436865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24575909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24575909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24575909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24575909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  24575909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24575909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56255.156627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56255.156627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56255.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56255.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 56255.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56255.156627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   163226339                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     37293                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               161987785                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   66689932                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     7705                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               64817810                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                   229916271                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     44998                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses               226805595                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  780797998                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                    10638                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              780808636                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7255880783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  787717319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    787717319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            730099778                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                344624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     748066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     52175600                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   730099778                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                       344624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         1082393993                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         609158718                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               67423                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              67673                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    229998084                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  163293197                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  66704887                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              491322647.339633                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6764558135.660368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.932286                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.067714                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         56726349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass             53556792      6.80%      6.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                502636361     63.81%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  392781      0.05%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 268945      0.03%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                  17781      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   5558      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               163450473     20.75%     91.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               66707702      8.47%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                725924      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 787762317                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     238                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    110887                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   11982     31.39%     31.39% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   1357      3.56%     34.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1304      3.42%     38.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  23527     61.64%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               38170                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    11982     44.76%     44.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    1357      5.07%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1304      4.87%     54.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   12124     45.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                26767                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1306605809500     98.68%     98.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1776471500      0.13%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1740042500      0.13%     98.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            13980055500      1.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1324102379000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.515323                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.701258                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         2      0.73%      0.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                       29     10.58%     11.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       12      4.38%     15.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.09%     16.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                      102     37.23%     54.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                      126     45.99%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   274                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  802      1.52%      1.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1367      2.58%      4.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       8      0.02%      4.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                31849     60.20%     64.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   2989      5.65%     69.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    3974      7.51%     77.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 473      0.89%     78.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       8      0.02%     78.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              11434     21.61%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 52904                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5342                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               3682                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               3683                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 3682                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.689442                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.816157                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      127262997000      9.64%      9.64% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        1193536736000     90.36%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    1367                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          4316995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          504.148880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          225453228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4316995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.224575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2304537060500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   504.148880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.984666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921875                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        464260874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       464260874                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data    159927923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      159927923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data     65508901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      65508901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        51279                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        54742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        54742                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data    225436824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       225436824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data    225436824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      225436824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data      3266098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3266098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data      1119618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1119618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        10604                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10604                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data         6662                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6662                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      4385716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       4385716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      4385716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      4385716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 131749772500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131749772500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  64873599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  64873599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    381682500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    381682500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     60338000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     60338000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1650000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1650000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 196623371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 196623371500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 196623371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 196623371500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data    163194021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    163194021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data     66628519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     66628519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        61883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        61883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        61404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        61404                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data    229822540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229822540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data    229822540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229822540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.171356                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.171356                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.108495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40338.585217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40338.585217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 57942.618822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57942.618822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35994.200302                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35994.200302                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  9057.039928                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9057.039928                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44832.673046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44832.673046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44832.673046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44832.673046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3662467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3662467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      3266098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3266098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1119618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1119618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10604                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10604                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6662                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6662                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4385716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4385716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      4385716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4385716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 128483674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 128483674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  63753981000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  63753981000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    371078500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371078500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     53873000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53873000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1453000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1453000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 192237655500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192237655500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 192237655500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 192237655500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    713250500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    713250500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    713250500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    713250500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.016804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.171356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171356                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108495                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108495                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39338.585217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39338.585217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56942.618822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56942.618822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 34994.200302                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34994.200302                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  8086.610627                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8086.610627                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43832.673046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43832.673046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43832.673046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43832.673046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226500.635122                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226500.635122                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 226500.635122                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226500.635122                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           448054                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.737978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          774607447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           448054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1728.826095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2428068752500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.737978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1575973200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1575973200                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst    787313751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      787313751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst    787313751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       787313751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst    787313751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      787313751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       448566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        448566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       448566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24100282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24100282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24100282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  24100282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  24100282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  24100282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst    787762317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    787762317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst    787762317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    787762317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst    787762317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    787762317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53727.393516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53727.393516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53727.393516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53727.393516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 53727.393516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53727.393516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       448566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       448566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       448566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  23651716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23651716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  23651716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23651716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  23651716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23651716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52727.393516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52727.393516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52727.393516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52727.393516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52727.393516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52727.393516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   151294850                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                     38490                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               149803478                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   52929017                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     8478                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               50932766                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                   204223867                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                     46968                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses               200736244                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  821878302                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                    10367                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              821888669                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7255863883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  829963482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    829963482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            780299937                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                306121                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     713937                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     52368099                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   780299937                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       306121                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         1169273776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         673375264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               90885                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              91370                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    204318489                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  151372916                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  52945573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              519454199.347132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              6736409683.652868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.928409                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.071591                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         56152975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass             46295729      5.58%      5.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                577933211     69.63%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  275728      0.03%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     75.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 198404      0.02%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                  22122      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                   7120      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               151547090     18.26%     93.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               52949025      6.38%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                782021      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 830010450                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     191                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    125903                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   14199     32.45%     32.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   1356      3.10%     35.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                   1522      3.48%     39.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  26675     60.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               43752                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    14199     44.76%     44.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    1356      4.27%     49.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                    1522      4.80%     53.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   14644     46.17%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                31721                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1304788122000     98.53%     98.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22             1715636000      0.13%     98.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             1751647000      0.13%     98.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            15964944500      1.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1324220349500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.548978                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.725018                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         5      1.63%      1.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                      106     34.64%     36.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.33%     36.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        5      1.63%     38.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                      112     36.60%     74.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       77     25.16%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   306                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  821      1.24%      1.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1647      2.49%      3.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       9      0.01%      3.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                36955     55.78%     59.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   2974      4.49%     64.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4481      6.76%     70.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                1027      1.55%     72.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       9      0.01%     72.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              18329     27.67%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 66252                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6128                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               4235                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               4235                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 4235                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.691090                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.817331                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      159649581500     11.87%     11.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        1185408748000     88.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1647                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          3705540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          507.667026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          200430771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3705540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            54.089491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     2305232548500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   507.667026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.991537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        412273119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       412273119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data    148450377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      148450377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data     51910813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      51910813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data        66626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        66626                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data        71702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        71702                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data    200361190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       200361190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data    200361190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      200361190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data      2805167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2805167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       940221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       940221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data        12256                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12256                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data         6625                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6625                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      3745388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       3745388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      3745388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      3745388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data 117740107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 117740107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  57840331000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57840331000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    440411000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    440411000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     60884000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     60884000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1494500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      1494500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 175580438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 175580438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 175580438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 175580438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data    151255544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    151255544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data     52851034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52851034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data        78882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        78882                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data        78327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        78327                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data    204106578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204106578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data    204106578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204106578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.017790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.155371                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155371                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.084581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.084581                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 41972.583807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41972.583807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61517.803793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61517.803793                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35934.317885                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35934.317885                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9190.037736                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9190.037736                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46879.105182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46879.105182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46879.105182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46879.105182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2955177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2955177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      2805167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2805167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       940221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       940221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        12256                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12256                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         6625                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6625                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3745388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3745388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      3745388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3745388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         3137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         3137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114934940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 114934940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  56900110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56900110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    428155000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428155000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     54435000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54435000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1318500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1318500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 171835050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171835050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 171835050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 171835050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    710482000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    710482000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    710482000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    710482000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.017790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017790                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.155371                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155371                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.084581                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084581                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40972.583807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40972.583807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 60517.803793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60517.803793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 34934.317885                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34934.317885                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  8216.603774                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8216.603774                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45879.105182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45879.105182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45879.105182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45879.105182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226484.539369                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226484.539369                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 226484.539369                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226484.539369                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           421383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.496244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          825080919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           421383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1958.030863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     2467461945500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   511.496244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.999016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1660442795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1660442795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst    829588555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      829588555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst    829588555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       829588555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst    829588555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      829588555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       421895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        421895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       421895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22720304500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22720304500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22720304500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  22720304500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22720304500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  22720304500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst    830010450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    830010450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst    830010450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    830010450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst    830010450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    830010450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 53852.983562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53852.983562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 53852.983562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53852.983562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 53852.983562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53852.983562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       421895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       421895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       421895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22298409500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22298409500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22298409500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22298409500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  22298409500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22298409500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52852.983562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52852.983562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52852.983562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52852.983562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52852.983562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52852.983562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   62                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  62                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        25540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        25710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       102160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       102245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   102245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             25540000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            12917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   9654730                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3998.478212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    20440985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   9654730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.117199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2619665658500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1905.963038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        86.017681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       455.493053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        83.882241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       441.329498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        89.295168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data       445.877886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        89.215170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data       401.404477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.465323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.021000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.111204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.020479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.107746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.021801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.108857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.021781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.097999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996582                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 295161688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                295161688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         13671331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              13671331                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2540                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              635                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              725                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              658                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 4558                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           1305                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            454                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            322                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data            341                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               2422                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            330390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            261234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            357241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data            267390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1216255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst         187547                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst         180243                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         203165                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst         192098                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             763053                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       2339598                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       1753200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       2139811                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       1781383                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           8013992                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst               187547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              2669988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst               180243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data              2014434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               203165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data              2497052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst               192098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data              2048773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9993300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst              187547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             2669988                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst              180243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data             2014434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              203165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data             2497052                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst              192098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data             2048773                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9993300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          13021                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          12626                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          15550                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           6789                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              47986                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data         1077                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data         1090                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             3928                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          773359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          743000                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          726174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data          656853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             2899386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst       271491                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst       256622                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst       245401                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst       229797                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          1003311                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data      1137236                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data      1148896                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data      1099974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data      1004042                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4390148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             271491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data            1910595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst             256622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data            1891896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst             245401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data            1826148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst             229797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data            1660895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8292845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            271491                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data           1910595                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst            256622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data           1891896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst            245401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data           1826148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst            229797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data           1660895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8292845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9509500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10698000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     11590000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     10196000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     41993500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       919000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1360500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1291000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1020500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4591000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  61405906000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  59144803000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  57773304000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  52444215000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  230768228000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23144198500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  22000535500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20818590000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19624209000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  85587533000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104573696500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104890574000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101244196500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  92242794000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 402951261000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23144198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165979602500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  22000535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data 164035377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20818590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data 159017500500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19624209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data 144687009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     719307022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  23144198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165979602500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  22000535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data 164035377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  20818590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data 159017500500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  19624209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data 144687009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    719307022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13671331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          13671331                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data        15561                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data        13261                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         7447                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            52544                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2211                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1309                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1399                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1431                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           6350                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       1103749                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       1004234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       1083415                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        924243                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4115641                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       459038                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       436865                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       448566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       421895                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1766364                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3476834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2902096                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3239785                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data      2785425                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12404140                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst           459038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          4580583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst           436865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          3906330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           448566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          4323200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst           421895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data          3709668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18286145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst          459038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         4580583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst          436865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         3906330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          448566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         4323200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst          421895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data         3709668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18286145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.836771                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.952115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.955453                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.911642                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.913254                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.409769                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.653170                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.769836                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.761705                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.618583                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700666                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.739867                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.670264                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.710693                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.704480                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.591435                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.587417                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.547079                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.544678                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.568009                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.327090                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.395885                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.339521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.360463                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.353926                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.591435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.417107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.587417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.484315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.547079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.422407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.544678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.447721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.453504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.591435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.417107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.587417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.484315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.547079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.422407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.544678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.447721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.453504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   730.320252                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   847.299224                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   745.337621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  1501.841214                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   875.119827                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1014.348786                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1591.228070                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  1198.700093                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data   936.238532                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1168.788187                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79401.553483                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79602.695828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79558.485983                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 79841.631233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79592.102604                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85248.492584                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85731.291549                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84834.984373                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85398.020862                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85305.087854                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91954.261473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91296.839749                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 92042.354183                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 91871.449601                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91785.347783                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85248.492584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86873.252835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85731.291549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86704.225285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84834.984373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87078.101282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85398.020862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87113.880769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86738.269195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85248.492584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86873.252835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 85731.291549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 86704.225285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84834.984373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 87078.101282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 85398.020862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 87113.880769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86738.269195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5783446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5783446                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        16209                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        15000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        14462                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst        12678                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total         58349                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        11118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data        10494                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         9666                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data         8865                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total        40143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           15000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           10494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           14462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            9667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           12678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            8865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               98494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          16209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          11119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          15000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          10494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          14462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data           9667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          12678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           8865                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              98494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       769773                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        769773                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13021                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12626                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        15550                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         6789                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         47986                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          906                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1077                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1090                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3928                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       773358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       743000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       726173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       656853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        2899384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       255282                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       241622                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       230939                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       217119                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       944962                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1126118                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1138402                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1090308                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       995177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4350005                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        255282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       1899476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst        241622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       1881402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        230939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       1816481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst        217119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       1652030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8194351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       255282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1899476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       241622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data      1881402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       230939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data      1816481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst       217119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data      1652030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8194351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         3124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data         3137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        12793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data         3186                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data         3137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        12855                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    268802627                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    260505681                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    320495252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    139984970                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    989788530                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18758494                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     17733996                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     22319497                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22655498                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81467485                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53672287000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  51714803000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  50511556500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  45875685000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 201774331500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19290310000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  18380569000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17358473000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16452290000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71481642000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  92405792000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  92649710000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  89550336500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  81581093500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 356186932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19290310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146078079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  18380569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 144364513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17358473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 140061893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16452290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 127456778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 629442905500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  19290310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 146078079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  18380569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 144364513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  17358473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 140061893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst  16452290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 127456778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 629442905500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     13321500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     13321500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    671399000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    726833500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    676573500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    673982000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2748788000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    684720500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    726833500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    676573500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data    673982000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2762109500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.836771                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.952115                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.955453                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.911642                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.913254                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.409769                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.653170                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.769836                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.761705                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.618583                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.739867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.670263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.710693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.704479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.514838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.514628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.534976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.392269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.336537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.357280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.481629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.514838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.420170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.514628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.445331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.448118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.556124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.553082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.481629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.514838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.420170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.514628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.445331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.448118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20643.777513                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20632.479091                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20610.627138                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20619.379879                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20626.610470                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20704.739514                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20741.515789                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20723.766945                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20784.860550                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20740.194756                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69401.605725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69602.695828                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69558.571442                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 69841.631233                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69592.138020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75564.708832                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76071.587024                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75164.753463                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75775.450329                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75644.991016                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82056.935419                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81385.758282                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82133.063776                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81976.465995                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81881.959216                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75564.708832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76904.408900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76071.587024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76732.411787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75164.753463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77106.170117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75775.450329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77151.612562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76814.247461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75564.708832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76904.408900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 76071.587024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76732.411787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 75164.753463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77106.170117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 75775.450329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 77151.612562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76814.247461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214862.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214862.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214916.453265                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214848.802838                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214853.445538                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214849.218999                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214866.567654                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214915.411174                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214848.802838                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 214853.445538                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data 214849.218999                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214866.549981                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  62                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5295028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5783446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1872248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            78864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          23202                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           53289                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2898140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2898010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       5294966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        25710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24197131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     24222841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               24222841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       102245                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    894491008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    894593253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               894593253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            48907                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          15963721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                15963721    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            15963721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            26292393                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy         39229107394                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        44486251322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 62                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14294285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12793                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         19454777                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         7027256                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           82047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         25624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         107671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp          760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4141281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4141281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1766364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12527859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1091659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13745366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1046187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11698538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1057999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12967888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1025790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     11108560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              53741987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29378432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    543039485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27959360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    451610936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28708224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    511107816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27001280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    426575176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2045380709                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         9853626                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         46484401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.207698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.405660                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7               36829671     79.23%     79.23% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                9654730     20.77%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           46484401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        32093719183                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         697375887                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6960396938                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy         663502495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy        5924687914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy         680786477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy        6582152827                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         639908388                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        5638712386                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119114                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119114288000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3747374145500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               55400708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 55400695                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2042106943                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 721376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3231472683                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3231472683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         184960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         617856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          81728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu1.data          50880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.inst        1516416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu2.data       24390912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.inst          54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu3.data         111296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           27008384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       184960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        81728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1516416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1837440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12676352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12676352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst            2890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            9654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.inst            1277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu1.data             795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.inst           23694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu2.data          381108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.inst             849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu3.data            1739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              422006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        198068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             198068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1552794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data           5187086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.inst            686131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu1.data            427153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.inst          12730765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu2.data         204768986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.inst            456167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu3.data            934363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             226743445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1552794                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       686131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst     12730765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       456167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         15425857                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       106421759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            106421759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       106421759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1552794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data          5187086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.inst           686131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu1.data           427153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.inst         12730765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu2.data        204768986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.inst           456167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu3.data           934363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            333165203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      422006                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     198068                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    422006                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   198068                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               26994688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                12676736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                27008384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12676352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         2685                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             28328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             23855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             25968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             25423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             26062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             25587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             26819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             26295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             25539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            25184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            27695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            26551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            27350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            26478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            30314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             12496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             12064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             12675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             12873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             12381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            12994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            12560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            12000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  119114230000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                422006                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               198068                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  420235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  11353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  11578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  11583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  11581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  11593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  11622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  11728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  11695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  11837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  11659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  11644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  11663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       160418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    247.282774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.614183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   286.121136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        74616     46.51%     46.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37494     23.37%     69.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13586      8.47%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8130      5.07%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5703      3.56%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4110      2.56%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3157      1.97%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3030      1.89%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10592      6.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       160418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.268358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     13.497325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-7             100      0.86%      0.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            115      0.99%      1.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          1240     10.66%     12.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31          3183     27.37%     39.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39          3084     26.52%     66.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47          2032     17.47%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           993      8.54%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           477      4.10%     96.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           183      1.57%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           107      0.92%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            41      0.35%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            32      0.28%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103           16      0.14%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111           12      0.10%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119            4      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            5      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.031298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.987382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.450197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16-17          6198     53.29%     53.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18-19          5381     46.27%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            19      0.16%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22-23             9      0.08%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24-25             7      0.06%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26-27             4      0.03%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28-29             1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::30-31             2      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::44-45             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::70-71             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::86-87             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3805423750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             11714023750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2108960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9022.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                27772.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       226.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       106.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    226.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    106.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   326028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  133412                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 77.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                67.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     192096.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    74.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              28565399520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15586279500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             34867708200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            21518816400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          94284481200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         878755839840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          95280791250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1168859315910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            809.721746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42783786000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    3977480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   72353269500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              23989059360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              13089268500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             31928005200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            17240992560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          94284481200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         875132823510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          98458875750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1154123506080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            799.513584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41318886500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    3977480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   73814500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      150638                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     124751                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      275389                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     191692                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 191844                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       238882758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     760169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       760169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               730669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      25551                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        69416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      730669                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1024692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            526950                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       276630                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     151483                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    125147                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              234355944.288992                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4526813.711008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.018950                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.981050                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           103245                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                11203      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   445096     58.52%     59.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1516      0.20%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.15%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.03%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  156417     20.56%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 125458     16.49%     97.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 19562      2.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    760651                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     123                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      3815                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     844     29.52%     29.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.10%     29.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    122      4.27%     33.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     33.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1889     66.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2859                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      842     46.55%     46.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.17%     46.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     122      6.74%     53.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.06%     53.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     841     46.49%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1809                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            118848137000     99.51%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                2670500      0.00%     99.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               56118000      0.05%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 661500      0.00%     99.55% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              531770000      0.45%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        119439357000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.997630                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.445209                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.632739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.10%      0.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      1.73%      1.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2508     82.09%     83.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    248      8.12%     92.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     92.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     225      7.36%     99.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.49%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3055                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              277                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.346570                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.516043                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      142767305000     99.73%     99.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           382361000      0.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            13155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          468.987794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             299892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            21.942782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   468.987794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.915992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.915992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           564281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          564281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       142273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         142273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       115048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        115048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2048                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data         1953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       257321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          257321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       257321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         257321                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         6337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         7415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        13752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    319226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    498544500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    498544500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7030000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7030000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4477000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4477000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    817770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    817770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    817770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    817770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       148610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       122463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       271073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       271073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.060549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076229                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.076229                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.077468                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50374.940824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50374.940824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67234.592043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67234.592043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41597.633136                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41597.633136                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27298.780488                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27298.780488                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59465.568645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59465.568645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59465.568645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59465.568645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    312889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    491129500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491129500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6861000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6861000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4313000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4313000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804018500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804018500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    804018500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804018500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     64807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     64807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     52587500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     52587500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    117394500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    117394500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.060549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.077468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077468                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49374.940824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49374.940824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66234.592043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66234.592043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40597.633136                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40597.633136                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26298.780488                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26298.780488                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58465.568645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58465.568645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58465.568645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58465.568645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227392.982456                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227392.982456                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 228641.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228641.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227950.485437                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227950.485437                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             6022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.995738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            9036039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1383.137762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.995738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1527327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1527327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       754629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         754629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       754629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          754629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       754629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         754629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          6023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         6023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    293929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    293929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    293929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    293929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       760652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       760652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       760652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       760652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       760652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       760652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48801.095799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48801.095799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48801.095799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48801.095799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48801.095799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48801.095799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    287906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    287906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    287906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47801.095799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47801.095799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47801.095799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47801.095799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47801.095799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47801.095799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       41616                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         4                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                     250                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      24546                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                    137                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       66162                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                     387                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                      27657                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        9                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                  27666                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       237626176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     191887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       191887                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               183269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    97                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       8147                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        13816                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      183269                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           97                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             248385                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            143333                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 41                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        66306                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      41633                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     24673                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              236626512.221911                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              999663.778089                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004207                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995793                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            25891                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                 1331      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                   113435     59.11%     59.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     688      0.36%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                     26      0.01%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   42614     22.21%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  24677     12.86%     95.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  9120      4.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    191892                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     127                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      2243                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     547     27.79%     27.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    122      6.20%     33.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.05%     34.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   1298     65.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1968                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      547     44.98%     44.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     122     10.03%     55.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     55.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     546     44.90%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 1216                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            118480952000     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               54231500      0.05%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2099500      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              276514000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        118813797000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.420647                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.617886                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::4                         1     50.00%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                        1     50.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     2                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    1      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1720     81.67%     81.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    251     11.92%     93.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                     125      5.94%     99.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   3      0.14%     99.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  6      0.28%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  2106                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                3                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                124                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  3                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    2                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.008065                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.046512                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         187398000     94.74%     94.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            10411000      5.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       1                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.205547                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              68486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            45.324950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   445.205547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.869542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           133345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          133345                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        23598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        63736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           63736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        63736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          63736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          1307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data         1307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         1307                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     62548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2726500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      2726500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1088000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1088000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     84156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     84156000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     84156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     84156000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        41129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        23914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data          496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        65043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        65043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        65043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        65043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013214                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.072581                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.076613                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.076613                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63116.044400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63116.044400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68379.746835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68379.746835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75736.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75736.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28631.578947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28631.578947                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64388.676358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64388.676358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64388.676358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64388.676358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          141                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21292000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21292000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2690500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2690500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1050000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1050000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     82849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     82849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     30377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     30377000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     31005000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     31005000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.024095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.013214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013214                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.072581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072581                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.076613                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076613                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.020094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62116.044400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62116.044400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67379.746835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67379.746835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 74736.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74736.111111                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27631.578947                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27631.578947                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63388.676358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63388.676358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63388.676358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63388.676358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       157000                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 221729.927007                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221729.927007                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 219893.617021                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 219893.617021                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            4696202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          2076.128205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           385532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          385532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       190141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         190141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       190141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          190141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       190141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         190141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    127184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127184500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    127184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    127184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       191891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       191891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       191891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       191891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       191891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       191891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72676.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72676.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72676.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72676.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72676.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72676.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125434500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125434500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125434500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125434500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125434500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125434500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71676.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71676.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71676.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71676.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 71676.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71676.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10384028                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     25355                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 2373842                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    7138324                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                      563                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                 503495                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    17522352                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     25918                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 2877337                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                    7086797                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      264                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                7087061                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                       238266200                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   55570615                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     55570615                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             53876950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 91064                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1800426                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      5638015                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    53876950                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        91064                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           74355754                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          40526306                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               58925                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              58874                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     17582869                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10443714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7139155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3972484.286696                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              234293715.713304                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.983328                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.016672                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          7839831                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               632081      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 36086260     64.91%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   60924      0.11%     66.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     66.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  31707      0.06%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      1      0.00%     66.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                  17480      0.03%     66.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                   5841      0.01%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10960095     19.71%     85.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7147790     12.86%     98.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                654366      1.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  55596545                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    132115                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   29200     49.06%     49.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      6      0.01%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    122      0.20%     49.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  30186     50.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               59515                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    29200     49.89%     49.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       6      0.01%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     122      0.21%     50.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   29199     49.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                58528                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            110940622500     93.12%     93.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5606000      0.00%     93.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              153949000      0.13%     93.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1994000      0.00%     93.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             8030928500      6.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        119133100000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.967303                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.983416                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.01%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                     11371     99.93%     99.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.02%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.01%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.01%     99.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.01%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 11379                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   44      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                47846     45.23%     45.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6373      6.02%     51.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     51.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   11540     10.91%     62.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11387     10.76%     72.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       6      0.01%     72.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28591     27.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                105792                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            11584                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              11430                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              11430                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                11430                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.986706                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.993308                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      106179090000     87.82%     87.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         14733095000     12.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      44                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           657602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.371089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           17009753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           657967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.851985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.371089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.996819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.712891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35748301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35748301                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      9716767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9716767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      6661723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6661723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data       249864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       249864                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data       258357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       258357                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     16378490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        16378490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     16378490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       16378490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       441473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       441473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       206672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       206672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data        10195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10195                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       648145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        648145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       648145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       648145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20353048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20353048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13393936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13393936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    225720000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    225720000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       518500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       518500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33746984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33746984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33746984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33746984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     10158240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10158240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      6868395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6868395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       260059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       260059                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data       258425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       258425                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     17026635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17026635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     17026635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17026635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.039203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.039203                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000263                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46102.588380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46102.588380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64807.695285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64807.695285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22140.264836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22140.264836                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data         7625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total         7625                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52067.028211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52067.028211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52067.028211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52067.028211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       313407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           313407                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       441473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       441473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       206672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       206672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        10195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        10195                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       648145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       648145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       648145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       648145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          279                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19911575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19911575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13187264000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13187264000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    215525000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215525000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       450500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       450500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33098839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33098839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33098839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33098839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     10128500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10128500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     44135500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     44135500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     54264000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     54264000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.039203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039203                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45102.588380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45102.588380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63807.695285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63807.695285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21140.264836                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21140.264836                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data         6625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         6625                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51067.028211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51067.028211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51067.028211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51067.028211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 168808.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168808.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 201531.963470                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 201531.963470                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194494.623656                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 194494.623656                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           744022                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67558822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           744534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            90.739741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   511.997092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        111937117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       111937117                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     54852518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54852518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     54852518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        54852518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     54852518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       54852518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       744027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        744027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       744027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  11361335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11361335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  11361335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11361335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  11361335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11361335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     55596545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55596545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     55596545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     55596545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     55596545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     55596545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15270.057404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.057404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15270.057404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.057404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 15270.057404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15270.057404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       744027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       744027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       744027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10617308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10617308000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10617308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10617308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst  10617308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10617308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14270.057404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14270.057404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14270.057404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14270.057404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14270.057404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14270.057404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       68075                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      39065                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      107140                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      48471                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  48596                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                       238284462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     330213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       330213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               315721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      10557                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        29495                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      315721                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             425614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            244598                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       108370                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      68959                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     39411                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              236816660.749531                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1467801.250469                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006160                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993840                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            44916                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 4380      1.32%      1.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   199465     60.33%     61.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     753      0.23%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.01%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   71549     21.64%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  39424     11.93%     95.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                 15000      4.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    330598                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     124                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      2910                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     595     28.58%     28.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    122      5.86%     34.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.14%     34.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   1362     65.42%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                2082                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      595     45.28%     45.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     122      9.28%     54.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.23%     54.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     594     45.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                 1314                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            118816036000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               54215500      0.05%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                3792500      0.00%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              268187000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        119142231000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.436123                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.631124                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      2.55%      2.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.18%      2.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1767     77.64%     80.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    245     10.76%     91.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     191      8.39%     99.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.40%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                  2276                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              249                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.269076                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.424051                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      138865128000     99.97%     99.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            38302000      0.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             3226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          391.438634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             188964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.515718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   391.438634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.764529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.764529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.595703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           219373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          219373                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        64652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          64652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        36852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu3.data          976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          976                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu3.data          976                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          976                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data       101504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          101504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data       101504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         101504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data         1168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          4109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data         4109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         4109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data    111070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     67073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67073000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1753000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1753000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      1023500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    178143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    178143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    178143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    178143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        67593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        67593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        38020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1028                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1028                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu3.data         1028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1028                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       105613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       105613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       105613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       105613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.043510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.030721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.050584                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050584                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.050584                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050584                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 37766.065964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37766.065964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57425.513699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57425.513699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19682.692308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19682.692308                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43354.344123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43354.344123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 43354.344123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43354.344123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    108129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     65905000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65905000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1701000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1701000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       971500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    174034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    174034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    174034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    174034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     28338500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     28338500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     28338500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     28338500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.043510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.030721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.050584                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050584                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.050584                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050584                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 36766.065964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36766.065964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 56425.513699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56425.513699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 32711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32711.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18682.692308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18682.692308                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42354.344123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42354.344123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 42354.344123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42354.344123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226708                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226708                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       226708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       226708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             2025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            4836209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1906.270792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           663221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          663221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       328573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         328573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       328573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          328573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       328573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         328573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     92316500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92316500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     92316500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92316500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     92316500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92316500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       330598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       330598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       330598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       330598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       330598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       330598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45588.395062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45588.395062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45588.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45588.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 45588.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45588.395062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     90291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90291500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     90291500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90291500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     90291500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90291500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44588.395062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44588.395062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44588.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44588.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 44588.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44588.395062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 357                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2631                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2631                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          377                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   127732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              1029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy             9988574                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1936000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1912                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse               15.975230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1928                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         3628444375000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide    15.975230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.998452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17352                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                8                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       993994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       993994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    227297580                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total    227297580                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       993994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total       993994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       993994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total       993994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124249.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124249.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118384.156250                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118384.156250                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124249.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124249.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 124249.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124249.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1904                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1904                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       593994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide    131297580                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131297580                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       593994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       593994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide       593994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       593994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74249.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74249.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68384.156250                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68384.156250                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74249.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74249.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 74249.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74249.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    423113                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3962.873500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2070718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    427130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.847981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1421.726402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        16.001929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data        16.160147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        41.356429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        29.235863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       442.084146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      1987.494058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         4.406700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data         4.407826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.347101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.003907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.003945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.010097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.007138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.107931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.485228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.001076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.001076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          848                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980713                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  22151999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 22151999                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           323816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                323816                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              126                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data               29                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  167                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data              3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data             41884                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data               300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 42831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2970                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst            293                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst         720292                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           1083                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total             724638                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2699                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data           225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        231723                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data          1230                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            235877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data                  240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst               720292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data               273607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 1083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data                 1530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1003346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2970                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 293                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data                 240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst              720292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data              273607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                1083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data                1530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1003346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            397                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             61                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             37                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data             70                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                565                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            6147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          164485                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              171595                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         3053                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1457                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst        23735                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst          942                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            29187                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         3522                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       216642                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data         1110                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          221928                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               3053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               9669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data                887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              23735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data             381127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data               1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 422710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              3053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              9669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data               887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             23735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data            381127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data              1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                422710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       366000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       640500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       122500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1129000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       154500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        61000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        30500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       246000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    460752000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18757000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12434802500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     58475500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12972787000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247552500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119616000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1937416000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     75805500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2380390000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    280735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     60073500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17011361500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     91338500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17443509000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247552500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    741487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     78830500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1937416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29446164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     75805500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data    149814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      32796686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    247552500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    741487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     78830500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1937416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29446164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     75805500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data    149814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     32796686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       323816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            323816                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          408                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          163                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           99                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              732                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          133                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            209                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          6779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           248                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        206369                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          1030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            214426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         6023                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1750                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       744027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         2025                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         753825                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data          879                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       448365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data         2340                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        457805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             6023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            13000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             1127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst           744027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           654734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             2025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             3370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1426056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            6023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           13000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            1127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst          744027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          654734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            2025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            3370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1426056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973039                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.983871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.707071                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.771858                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977444                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.933014                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906771                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.939516                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.797043                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.708738                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.800253                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.506890                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.832571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.031901                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.465185                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566147                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.744027                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.483182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.474359                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.484765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.506890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.743769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.832571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.787045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.031901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.582110                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.465185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.545994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.296419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.506890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.743769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.832571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.787045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.031901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.582110                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.465185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.545994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.296419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   921.914358                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17310.810811                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data         1750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1998.230088                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1188.461538                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1906.250000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  5083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1261.538462                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74955.588092                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80502.145923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75598.398030                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 80103.424658                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75601.194674                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81084.998362                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82097.460535                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81626.964399                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80472.929936                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81556.514887                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79709.114140                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 91855.504587                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78522.915686                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 82286.936937                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78599.856710                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81084.998362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76687.092771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82097.460535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88873.167982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81626.964399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77260.766096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80472.929936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81420.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77586.728490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81084.998362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76687.092771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82097.460535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 88873.167982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 81626.964399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 77260.766096                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 80472.929936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 81420.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77586.728490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               196164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    196164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          163                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          180                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           41                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst           93                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           477                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           92                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          214                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data               9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data             100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             93                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                691                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         9195                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          9195                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          397                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           37                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           70                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           565                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          195                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       164485                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         171595                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2890                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1277                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        23694                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          849                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        28710                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       216633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1010                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       221714                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          2890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          9656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         23694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        381118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst           849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          1740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            422019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst        23694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       381118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         1740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           422019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data          219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3.data          125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          711                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data          141                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data          279                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3.data          125                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         1060                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8187000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1272000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       763500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1449000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11671500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      2688500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       663500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       123500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       558500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4034000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    399282000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16427000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10789952500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     51175500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11256837000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205892500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92174000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1697324000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     61141500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056532000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    244468000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     45219000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14844317500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     73978500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15207983000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205892500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1697324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25634270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     61141500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    125154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28521352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    205892500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    643750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     92174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   1697324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  25634270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     61141500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data    125154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28521352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     61244500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data      9378500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     71201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data     49702000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     28680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     41616000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     26899500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    146897500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    110946500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     29258000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data     50994500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data     26899500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    218098500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973039                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.983871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226994                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.707071                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771858                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977444                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933014                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.939516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.797043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.708738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.479827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.729714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.031846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.419259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.639363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.483162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.431624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.479827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.742769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.729714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.705413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.031846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.582096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.419259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.516320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.295934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.479827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.742769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.729714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.705413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.031846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.582096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.419259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.516320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20622.166247                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20852.459016                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20635.135135                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        20700                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20657.522124                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20680.769231                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20734.375000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20583.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20685.185185                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20687.179487                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64955.588092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70502.145923                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65598.398030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 70103.424658                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65601.194674                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71243.079585                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72180.109632                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71635.181903                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72015.901060                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71631.208638                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69668.851525                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80460.854093                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68522.882017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 73246.039604                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68592.795223                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71243.079585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66668.392709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72180.109632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77542.138365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71635.181903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67260.717153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72015.901060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71927.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67583.099339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71243.079585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66668.392709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72180.109632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77542.138365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 71635.181903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67260.717153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 72015.901060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 71927.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67583.099339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 214892.982456                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       144500                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 156308.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 204014.326648                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 216095.652174                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 209343.065693                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 190027.397260                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215196                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206606.891702                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215430.097087                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 207503.546099                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 182775.985663                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3.data       215196                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 205753.301887                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 349                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             250781                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            198068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           211368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            171599                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           171590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        250432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1253397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1255517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1261269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       121856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39562880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     39567668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39689524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              331                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            835530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  835530    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              835530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1968494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1628226846                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3375583                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2248827791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq                349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1216368                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              711                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           521888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1165431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           322                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1247                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           214646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          214646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        753825                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       462202                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        40929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2131020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1911948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4123319                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       385472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1384031                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       112000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     47617728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     61962368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       129600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       316328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              111996596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          431872                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3288820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            7.129821                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.336106                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                2861863     87.02%     87.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                 426957     12.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              8                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3288820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1755103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           9118712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          20918976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2715317                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           2084906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1116063950                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         987444982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           3085387                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           6256889                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
