
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354483500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261610366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               40341874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 40340778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              121313392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 784808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     2.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117874720                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117874720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         5184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           5184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           81                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                81                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               722177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       180544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total          180544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       14624094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            14624094                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       14624094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       180544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            15346271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        16448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             17088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks        74304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          74304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1161                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       541633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1263811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     46399903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             48205347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      209612013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           209612013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      209612013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       541633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1263811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     46399903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257817360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               138890000     91.89%     91.89% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      8.00%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151149500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61907500     75.49%     75.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.411951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.920398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.636656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   471.775296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.048118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          570                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078918                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067103                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2481                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           136.240629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.612312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.359644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           334454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          334454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         163504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          163504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       163504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         163504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       165986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       165986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       165986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       794                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351533000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357319000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.43%      5.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.75%      6.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1020466500     93.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2113                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.290441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.197823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.202686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   370.087755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78632                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          453                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048319                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.804088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.780757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.342457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.461631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.375669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273001                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273001                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357055500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357220000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.192151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   272.042663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.149488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.531333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.533578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.517578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551004500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560437500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         509912500     87.10%     87.10% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     12.90%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12776                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.441197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.447636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.263819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   318.177378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.621440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355488                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          75990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1134                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080518                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.116822                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4270                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             253769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.430679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.355467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.515709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           906533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          906533                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         446860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          446860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         446860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22159                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1304                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2829                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2792                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           37                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4280                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2329                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             225                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3751                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7099                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       295488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       532496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1175784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                             8100                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             30135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.189016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.395324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   24484     81.25%     81.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5606     18.60%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      45      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               30135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17159                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1271                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             490                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          472                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8497                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            153                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1367584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1860200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                             3862                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             37865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.076139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.267010                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   35000     92.43%     92.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    2847      7.52%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      18      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               37865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1267                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           63508.522051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 33125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               26.144436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 41258.982675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  7779.423697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 10875.042510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst  1256.070809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1271.874743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.971629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   736.785886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     1.452320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   327.917784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.629562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.118705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.165940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.019166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.019407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.011242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.005004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63081                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        17161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        37740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962540                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              171031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             171031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2491                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3748                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1883                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2953                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               9192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              9192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1527                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4280                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3044                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3751                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2922                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4480                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.896552                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978873                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.099952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.028302                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083180                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.000800                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.355578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.313222                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.340848                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.160395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.249250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.230629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 104                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           51915.647887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  3008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs               28.923077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 30304.788617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7737.879377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9266.638836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst         2016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2561.739761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.574561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data    28.026735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.462414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.118071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.141398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.030762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.039089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.792170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        52158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        23318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.795868                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              273683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             273683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            5861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5645                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              15777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             15777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          352                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          353                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             1363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            1363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3421                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5998                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992063                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.146995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.146995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.079522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks             78                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                  78                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         4800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         5182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total          523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                  5705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       176192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       184360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         8680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 193040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                            7408                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples             9955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.645605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.478354                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   3528     35.44%     35.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                   6427     64.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total               9955                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              1836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         2860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side          524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total         3384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         4805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         4805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                  8189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        71360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         8360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        79720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       176896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       176896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 256616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                             408                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples             5033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.064375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.245444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                   4709     93.56%     93.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                    324      6.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total               5033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         2469                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.025874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         2469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.030782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.278893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.959459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.775116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.579931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.122466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.173445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.876617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        26209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        26209                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1078                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1078                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements            8                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    11.812455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs            5                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs            8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.625000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.588909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.794666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.122319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.306562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.286807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.049667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.132645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.269160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses         2250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses         2250                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total            6                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements           13                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    11.342503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           16                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs           13                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     1.230769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.355935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     0.371085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.945260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.670223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.459746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.023193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.059079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.166889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.708906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.562500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses         2286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses         2286                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total            6                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total          128                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total          128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total            7                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         2480                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.403574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         2480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.029032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.772882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.868186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.012405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.750101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.548305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.116762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.171881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.837723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        26245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        26245                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1078                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          184                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1003                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         1679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1085                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33924                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28432                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4588                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62356                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12726                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43649                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43743                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  301605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             165874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               165874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17156                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160067                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       220693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       112835                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62620                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34128                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28492                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      230952.548400                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      70652.451600                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234255                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765745                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2863      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            95839     57.74%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35088     21.14%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28772     17.33%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            165986                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23721                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37541                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23377                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522813654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16016                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130166                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38649                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24605                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3655279757.134930                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      867533896.865070                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2816      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86816     63.90%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25655     18.88%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6410      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135866                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522813540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520459526.073326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2354013.926674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82681                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88100                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170781                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162009                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523220733                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8515                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433704                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171895                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83521                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88374                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1644034392.708034                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2879186340.291966                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636535                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363465                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9711      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256300     56.81%     58.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85781     19.01%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88441     19.60%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1084                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          171                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          138                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          292                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           202                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          201                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1606                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         4804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         4804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side          528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total          528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total               5332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       176448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         8616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         8616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              185064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                         5339                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.569715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.495149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                3228     43.03%     43.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2                4274     56.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total            7502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000719                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   719410500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2262686274500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               23617173                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 23616803                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141606761                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 790952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   119979613                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     119979613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            109504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        39040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        39488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       933824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         933824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        14591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             14591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       622732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data       533770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     54266653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     96790358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            152213514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       622732                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     54266653                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        54889385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1298040548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1298040548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1298040548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       622732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data       533770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     54266653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     96790358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1450254062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       108992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       268736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            393088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        12736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       438400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         438400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         4199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6850                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       266885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2579890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17703384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    151501820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       800656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      373550289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            546402923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       266885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     17703384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        17970269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      609387825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           609387825                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      609387825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       266885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2579890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     17703384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    151501820                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       800656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     373550289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1155790748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       177                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                      74     41.81%     41.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     25     14.12%     55.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.56%     56.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                     77     43.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 177                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                       74     42.53%     42.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      25     14.37%     56.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.57%     57.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                      74     42.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  174                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               913311000     98.61%     98.61% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1875000      0.20%     98.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     98.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               10832500      1.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           926183000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.961039                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.983051                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  127     84.11%     84.11% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      24     15.89%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   151                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               26                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          440.908882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs                228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               38                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    6                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   440.908882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.861150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            20517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           20517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          143                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            9811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         9811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           9811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           25                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total            79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3567                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          153                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         9890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.008540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.050000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.007988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               15                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               79                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               5156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               79                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            65.265823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            67295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           67295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst        33529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           79                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        33608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       657                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     167     47.71%     47.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     48.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    182     52.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 350                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      167     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     166     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  334                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               217492000     94.62%     94.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.07%     94.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12211500      5.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           229868000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.954286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.71%      3.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.53%      4.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  328     87.00%     91.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     91.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      21      5.57%     97.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.39%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   377                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65262000     46.81%     46.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            74151500     53.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5207                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          501.726815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              95977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            18.432303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   501.726815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.979935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.970703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           207793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          207793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        54744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        40012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40012                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          585                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        94756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           94756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        94756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          94756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           41                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        57749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        57749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        42276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        42276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          627                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          626                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       100025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       100025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       100025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       100025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.053553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.053553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.161085                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065495                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.979346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             444849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           164.393570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.102489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.876858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           560298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          560298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         276087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          276087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       276087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         276087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       278795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       278795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       278795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       278795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       278795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       278795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      66                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      4271                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     955     38.96%     38.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     18      0.73%     39.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     39.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1477     60.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2451                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      954     49.53%     49.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      18      0.93%     50.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.05%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     953     49.48%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1926                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               756599000     81.68%     81.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1287000      0.14%     81.82% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     81.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              168324500     18.17%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           926322500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645227                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.785802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3     20.00%     20.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      6.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     26.67%     53.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      6.67%     60.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      6.67%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      6.67%     73.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      6.67%     80.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      6.67%     86.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      6.67%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      6.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    15                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.14%      0.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  157      5.40%      5.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       6      0.21%      5.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2243     77.11%     82.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     87      2.99%     85.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.03%     85.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     189      6.50%     92.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  30      1.03%     93.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.07%     93.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                189      6.50%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2909                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              345                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                169                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                168                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  169                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.486957                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.655642                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1656574500     97.17%     97.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            48280000      2.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     157                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            14256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          475.981230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             286728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.112795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    47.302083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   428.679147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.092387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.837264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.929651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           642524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          642524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       179116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         179116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       111977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        111977                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3827                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          291093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       291093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         291093                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         4481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          153                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          153                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         14313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        14313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       188948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       188948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       116458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       116458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4305                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4269                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       305406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       305406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       305406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       305406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.111034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111034                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035840                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035840                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            22718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1010723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.489964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    89.381320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   422.618680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.174573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.825427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2049848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2049848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         990847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          990847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       990847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         990847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         22718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        22718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1013565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1013565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1013565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1013565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.022414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        22718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            22718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        62                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      22     40.74%     40.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      5.56%     46.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     29     53.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  54                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       22     47.83%     47.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      6.52%     54.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      21     45.65%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   46                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               432621000     99.08%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.08%     99.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                3665500      0.84%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           436638000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.724138                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.851852                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      5.17%      5.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   50     86.21%     91.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      5.17%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2      3.45%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    58                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          420.882233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.456814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   420.882233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.822036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.802734                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            14030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           14030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         2938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           34                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           34                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            5960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           5960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           16                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           50                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         6602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.114562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.078708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078708                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.384615                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.320000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.320000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.097243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              901                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              58364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            64.776915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            38405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           38405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          17851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           17851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        17851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          17851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        18752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        18752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        18752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        18752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.048048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.048048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              901                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 155                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1277952                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        157                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 380                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20389                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        40028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   41538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1677                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1278320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1279997                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                20014                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                20014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               180126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              180126                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               46                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                19968                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         16326                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8385                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1722                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1712                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3369                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2399                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1646                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             201                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2139                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           2787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7759                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  24508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       323264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       549840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  887854                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            61858                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             78298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.197156                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   75161     95.99%     95.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    3126      3.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      11      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               78298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         77637                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        38422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        10312                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            1609                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1599                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              34525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8398                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        16013                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3827                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            169                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          23619                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10721                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        60682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        42609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 107728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2429696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1451131                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       106752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        59300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 4046879                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            45374                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            123063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.177429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.382331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  101242     82.27%     82.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   21807     17.72%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      14      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              123063                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                1004                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           63767.396793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 13733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                1004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               13.678287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 41802.532266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  7637.555724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data 10332.111247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst         1255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1182.485380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   496.942788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    10.970647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  1048.798741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.637856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.116540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.157656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.019150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.018043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.007583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.016003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.973013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        63033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        20313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35084                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.961807                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              129238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             129238                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1844                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1852                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2698                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2777                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2200                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           287                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          924                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             1251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            1251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          130                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           10                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         2787                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           63                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3091                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.134679                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.134175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.003588                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.476190                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.298932                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.302473                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.422535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.231903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.154827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.422535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.231903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            928                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 928                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                 718                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           53174.439515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                  4227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                 718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.887187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 30401.042560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  7715.257486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  9191.194197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  2014.342326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  2536.343844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   140.759847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   371.905612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   803.593643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.463883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.117725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.140246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.030736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.038702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.005675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.811378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        54502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.831635                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              546211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             546211                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8398                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8398                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        16013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        16013                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1519                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1577                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        21909                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        22810                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         9175                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          346                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9521                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        21909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              33908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        21909                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        10694                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             33908                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          142                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          2835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          809                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          809                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          978                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             4633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            4633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8398                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8398                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        16013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        16013                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          143                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          148                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4217                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4412                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        23619                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          357                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        10510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          38541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        22718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        14370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         38541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.983240                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.984211                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.993007                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993243                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.639791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.702564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.642566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035611                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.034252                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.096326                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.030812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094101                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.255811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.268116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.120210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.035611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.255811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.268116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks            531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                 531                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              2189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        19968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         3374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         4394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         4113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        42992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        17050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        60042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 69557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        19136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       119104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          622                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       138862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       120064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1055                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       121119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       916480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       364416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1540877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           19061                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            63424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.284309                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.451088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  45392     71.57%     71.57% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  18032     28.43%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              63424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              2916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         6608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         5141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        11749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        20349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        20349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 32098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       207360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       120991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       328351                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       843520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       843520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1171871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           30920                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            50544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.610003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  19712     39.00%     39.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  30832     61.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              50544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         7168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.679839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           88                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         7168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.012277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.420254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.071809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.023729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.641649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.522398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.838766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.102603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.032650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.312500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       114800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       114800                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           19                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          262                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1195                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          952                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         5632                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         1214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         1214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.980042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.984349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.586957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.984349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         6347                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         6347                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements          753                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    13.062652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs          753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.338645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.202369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.094317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.433368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.332598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.075148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.255895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.402086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.083287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.816416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        18874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        18874                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           34                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements          755                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.273586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs          755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.301987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.781012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.129385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.070463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.292726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.111313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.258087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.379404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.080795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        18874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        18874                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           34                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          108                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          229                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           36                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         7179                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.666671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           83                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         7179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.011561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.420953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.071809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.022860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     1.628651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.522398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.838810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.004488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.101791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.032650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.687500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.250000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       120078                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       120078                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6347                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         5894                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6827                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6347                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          149                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         5632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5894                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          891                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         5659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         6353                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         6353                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits                6602                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits               3843                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               10445                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits               3653                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses           3653                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1852698                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts              33608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps                33608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        32297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               3072                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         2332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               32297                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads        41008                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        24915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                10496                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts               6652                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts              3844                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1809425.228330                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      43272.771670                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.023357                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.976643                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                     5833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          153      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            21443     63.80%     64.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              25      0.07%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead            7203     21.43%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite           3844     11.44%     97.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess           940      2.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total             33608                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               58246                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           31805                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              42881                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          18743                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              101127                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           50548                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             152155                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         152276                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  459290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             278637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               278637                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       269573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               7261                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        29853                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              269573                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  385                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       369224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       193474                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               101459                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              58506                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             42953                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      370256.777541                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      89033.222459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.193850                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.806150                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    39289                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5222      1.87%      1.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           166744     59.81%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             160      0.06%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           59503     21.34%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          43234     15.51%     98.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          3883      1.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            278795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              191913                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               705                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           15784                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             120743                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              153                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses           9983                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              312656                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               858                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   22                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           25767                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             132358                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              463                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         132821                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1852786                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1012685                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1012685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       974661                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          2703                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              34123                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       103146                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              974661                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 2703                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1325572                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       736446                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1170                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1188                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               315534                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             194151                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            121383                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      547084.031926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1305701.968074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.704724                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.295276                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   147764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        15740      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           646952     63.83%     65.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            2256      0.22%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            483      0.05%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             11      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              6      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          202007     19.93%     85.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         121799     12.02%     97.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         24310      2.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1013565                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                3452                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3245                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                6697                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                784                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            784                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                  873281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              18750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                18750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        18165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                810                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         1882                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               18165                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        25089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        12597                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 6727                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               3471                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3256                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      861902.656979                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      11378.343021                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.013029                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.986971                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     2898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          207      1.10%      1.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            11385     60.71%     61.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              38      0.20%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.06%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            3566     19.02%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3261     17.39%     98.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           284      1.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             18752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1963                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           319                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6381                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          131                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          141                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          309                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6892                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6889                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1778                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        20360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        20360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         5141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              25501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       843136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       843136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       120991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       120991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              964127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        42060                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         56964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.718752                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.449612                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               16021     28.12%     28.12% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               40943     71.88%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           56964                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.808992                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3808991690000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6071677964500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 577085                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   577085                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               75768278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 791976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 50271.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 29010990079                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   29010990079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7757248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    336977600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5282240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    350384704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3745600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    331259264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3103232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    344129664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total        1382639552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      7757248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5282240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3745600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3103232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     19888320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     12540864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       12540864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       121207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      5265275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        82535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      5474761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      5175926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      5377026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           21603743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       195951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            195951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2036562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     88468977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1386782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     91988834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       983357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     86967705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       814712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     90346657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            362993586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2036562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1386782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       983357                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       814712                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5221413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        3292437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3292437                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        3292437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      2036562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     88468977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      1386782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     91988834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       983357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     86967705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       814712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     90346657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           366286023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3053632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data   2548760896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       661632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data   2559418240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       760896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data   2533080384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst       792768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data   2636610112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       102400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total       10283240960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3053632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       661632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       760896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       792768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      5268928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     34032960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       34032960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     39824389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data     39990910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        11889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data     39579381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        12387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data     41197033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total          160675640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       531765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            531765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       801690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    669143202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       173703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    671941146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst       199763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    665026493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       208131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    692206843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide          26884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           2699727854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       801690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       173703                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       199763                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       208131                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1383287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        8934900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             8934900                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        8934900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       801690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    669143202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       173703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    671941146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst       199763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    665026493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       208131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    692206843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide         26884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2708662754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   19875                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                  10362214                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  140445     40.16%     40.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     86      0.02%     40.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   3903      1.12%     41.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                  19648      5.62%     46.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 185669     53.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              349751                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   140445     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      86      0.03%     49.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    3903      1.37%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                   19648      6.90%     57.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  120798     42.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               284880                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3767680067500     98.93%     98.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6450000      0.00%     98.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              191180000      0.01%     98.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30             2200786000      0.06%     98.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            38525466500      1.01%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3808603950000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.650609                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.814522                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1     25.00%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        3     75.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     4                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                14882      3.54%      3.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                39306      9.34%     12.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               271680     64.57%     77.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   7874      1.87%     79.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                   54436     12.94%     92.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys               30784      7.32%     99.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               1812      0.43%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                420774                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            93740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user              34409                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel              34409                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                34409                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.367068                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.537016                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      258354740500      6.82%      6.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        3528547829500     93.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                   39306                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements         79932313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.242302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs         2066099425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         79932313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.848113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   509.242302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.994614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.826172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4376131584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4376131584                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data   1983803839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1983803839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     81027381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      81027381                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       193784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       146693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       146693                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2064831220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total      2064831220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data   2064831220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total     2064831220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     80453328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     80453328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1497275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1497275                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       162957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       162957                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       204123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       204123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     81950603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total      81950603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     81950603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total     81950603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2064257167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2064257167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     82524656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     82524656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       356741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       356741                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       350816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       350816                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2146781823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2146781823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data   2146781823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2146781823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.018143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.456794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.456794                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.581852                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.581852                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.038174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2331214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          2331214                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements          1647899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         5255327214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1647899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3189.107593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses      14324347925                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses     14324347925                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   7159702114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     7159702114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   7159702114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      7159702114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   7159702114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     7159702114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1647899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1647899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1647899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   7161350013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   7161350013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   7161350013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   7161350013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   7161350013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   7161350013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1647899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total          1647899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   18875                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                  10270906                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  141440     39.88%     39.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   3901      1.10%     40.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                  18678      5.27%     46.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 190604     53.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total              354623                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   141440     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    3901      1.36%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                   18678      6.51%     57.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  122767     42.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total               286786                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3767271674500     98.90%     98.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              191149000      0.01%     98.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30             2092348000      0.05%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            39538140500      1.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3809093312000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.644095                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.808707                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                20224      4.72%      4.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                37368      8.72%     13.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               278773     65.09%     78.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   7845      1.83%     80.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                   53273     12.44%     92.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys               30692      7.17%     99.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                119      0.03%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                428294                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            53052                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user              34323                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle              37589                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel              52990                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                34323                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                18667                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.998831                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.496608                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.848084                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       45236616500      1.19%      1.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        3542773757000     93.56%     94.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        198521480500      5.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                   37368                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements         79749702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.184888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         2072358013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         79749702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.985778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   509.184888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.994502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4396446517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4396446517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data   1990488763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1990488763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     77623854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      77623854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       190796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       124981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       124981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2068112617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total      2068112617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data   2068112617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total     2068112617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     83226874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     83226874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4272293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4272293                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       157348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       157348                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       215680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       215680                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     87499167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      87499167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     87499167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     87499167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2073715637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2073715637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     81896147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81896147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       348144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       348144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       340661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       340661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2155611784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2155611784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data   2155611784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2155611784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.052167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052167                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.451962                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.451962                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.633122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.633122                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.040591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2019592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          2019592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements          1358162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         5198191429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1358162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3827.372161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses      14384831146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses     14384831146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   7190378330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     7190378330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   7190378330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      7190378330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   7190378330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     7190378330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1358162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total       1358162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total      1358162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   7191736492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   7191736492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   7191736492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   7191736492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   7191736492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   7191736492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1358162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total          1358162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                   18581                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                  10087277                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  142010     39.95%     39.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      9      0.00%     39.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                   3901      1.10%     41.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                  18357      5.16%     46.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 191175     53.78%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total              355452                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   142010     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       9      0.00%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                    3901      1.35%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                   18357      6.38%     57.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  123655     42.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total               287932                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3767608636500     98.91%     98.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 643500      0.00%     98.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              191149000      0.01%     98.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30             2056382500      0.05%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            39134583000      1.03%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3808991394500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.646816                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810045                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      4.35%      4.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         6     26.09%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      4.35%     34.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      4.35%     39.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        9     39.13%     78.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      4.35%     82.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4     17.39%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    23                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                20058      4.55%      4.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                36752      8.34%     12.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               279624     63.42%     76.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   7868      1.78%     78.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   53562     12.15%     90.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               30180      6.85%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              12849      2.91%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                440893                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            90314                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              34951                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              34951                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                34951                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.386994                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.558033                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      249704774500      6.56%      6.56% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        3559286620000     93.44%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                   36752                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements         78478976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.716093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs         2094171917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         78478976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.684496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   508.716093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.993586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4437207250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4437207250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data   1986903595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1986903595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    103521985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103521985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       198371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       198371                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       131977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       131977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2090425580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total      2090425580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data   2090425580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total     2090425580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     81726955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     81726955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4457843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4457843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       159407                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       159407                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       218623                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       218623                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     86184798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      86184798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     86184798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     86184798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2068630550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2068630550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    107979828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    107979828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       357778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       357778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       350600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       350600                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2176610378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2176610378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data   2176610378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2176610378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041284                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.445547                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.445547                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.623568                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.623568                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.039596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.039596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.039596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2228964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          2228964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements          1365196                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         7224454000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1365196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          5291.880433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses      14453926626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses     14453926626                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   7224915519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     7224915519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   7224915519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      7224915519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   7224915519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     7224915519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1365196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total       1365196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total      1365196                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   7226280715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   7226280715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   7226280715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   7226280715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   7226280715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   7226280715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1365196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total          1365196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                   18795                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                  10488609                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  142755     39.93%     39.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                   3904      1.09%     41.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                  18687      5.23%     46.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 192138     53.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total              357484                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   142755     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                    3904      1.35%     50.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                   18687      6.46%     57.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  124089     42.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total               289435                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            3767278967500     98.90%     98.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              191195500      0.01%     98.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30             2093059500      0.05%     98.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            39529977000      1.04%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        3809093199500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.645833                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.809645                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         5    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     5                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                20198      4.67%      4.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                37719      8.73%     13.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               281016     65.02%     78.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   7803      1.81%     80.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                   53885     12.47%     92.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys               31297      7.24%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique                260      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                432178                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            91604                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user              35020                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel              35020                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                35020                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.382298                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.553134                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      185821249500      4.88%      4.88% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        3622269391000     95.12%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                   37719                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements         81385732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          509.029746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         2121864571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         81385732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.071702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   509.029746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.994199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       4491775403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      4491775403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2038162009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     2038162009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     82156390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      82156390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       193149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       193149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       119927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       119927                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2120318399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      2120318399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data   2120318399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     2120318399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     82087424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     82087424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1449514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1449514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       157794                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       157794                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       223562                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       223562                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     83536938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      83536938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     83536938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     83536938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2120249433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   2120249433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     83605904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     83605904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       350943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       350943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       343489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       343489                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2203855337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2203855337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data   2203855337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2203855337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.449629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.449629                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.650856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.650856                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2267577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          2267577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements          1371647                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         7190980691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs          1371647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          5242.588429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses      14703449217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses     14703449217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   7349667138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     7349667138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   7349667138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      7349667138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   7349667138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     7349667138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1371647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total       1371647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total      1371647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   7351038785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   7351038785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   7351038785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   7351038785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   7351038785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   7351038785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1371647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total          1371647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  10                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  626                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 626                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              168565                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             168565                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio       332882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       334904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  338382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio      1331528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          947                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      1333280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       110680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1443960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1739                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                15651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               15651                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               11                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             11                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1728                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests     335884015                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    168013045                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      9668573                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops       166615505                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops    166175009                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       440496                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 517                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp          167007085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              81579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             81579                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4350806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1223424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        148936141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4771912                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         419803                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5191715                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            997656                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           997656                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        3006061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     164000507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3968640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    241397482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      3266906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    252433413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total              501066441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    148527424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   5343287948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    122159616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side   5495697992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total             11109672980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                        450344977                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples         779046101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.239429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.428058                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0               592960196     76.11%     76.11% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1               185645409     23.83%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  440496      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total           779046101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests     335819516                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    167972892                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests      9495974                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        27177988                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     26579366                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       598622                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  98                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp          166868521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4496541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1094998                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict        149051631                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4793334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         442185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5235519                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1114023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1114023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        2736843                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     164131580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3274221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    248397398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      3294463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    246283730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total              501249812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    122177600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   5427456036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    123060224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side   5436722536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total             11109416396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                        311130769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples         639777540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.073314                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.264216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0               593471782     92.76%     92.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                45707136      7.14%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  598622      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total           639777540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements            90915013                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           64332.158771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             127952499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs            90915013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                1.407386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1875.543674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   203.746975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   280.891085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    32.925438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    38.146287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   282.538033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data 29839.531599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   104.296815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data 31674.538862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.028619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.003109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.004286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.455315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.001591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.483315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.981631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        64127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978516                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses          2694681585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses         2694681585                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4350806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4350806                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1223424                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total      1223424                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4355                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2413                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total           6768                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2663                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          607                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total         3270                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       403802                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       320280                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total          724082                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1478979                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1265289                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2744268                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     34316022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     33865636                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     68181658                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1478979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data     34719824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1265289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data     34185916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total           71650008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1478979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data     34719824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst      1265289                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data     34185916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total          71650008                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       352527                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3211184                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total      3563711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       148572                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       159598                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       308170                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       113196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       119958                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total        233154                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       168920                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        92873                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       261793                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     45522418                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48769747                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     94292165                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       168920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     45635614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        92873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48889705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total         94787112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       168920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     45635614                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        92873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     48889705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total        94787112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4350806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4350806                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1223424                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1223424                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       356882                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3213597                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      3570479                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       151235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       160205                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       311440                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       516998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       440238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       957236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      3006061                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     79838440                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     82635383                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    162473823                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     80355438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     83075621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total      166437120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1647899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     80355438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst      1358162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     83075621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total     166437120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.987797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999249                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998104                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.982392                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996211                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.989500                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.218949                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.272484                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.243570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.102506                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.068381                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.087088                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.570182                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.590180                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.580353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.102506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.567922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.068381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.588496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.569507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.102506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.567922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.068381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.588496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks         251422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total              251422                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements            91578596                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           65476.234515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs             209370574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs            91578596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                2.286239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle        2343329150000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  3114.569160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    41.525338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    55.241074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    13.721093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    11.088379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst    64.191897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 18388.732571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   191.416661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data 43595.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.047525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.280590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.665218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.999088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996506                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses          2695921813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses         2695921813                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4496541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4496541                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1094998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total      1094998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2242                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          680                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total           2922                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          354                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       377613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       301375                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          678988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1294782                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1310772                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      2605554                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     33215007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     34408957                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total     67623964                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1294782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     33592620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1310772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data     34710332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total           70908506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1294782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     33592620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst      1310772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data     34710332                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total          70908506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3154999                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       402846                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      3557845                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       155711                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       155188                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       310899                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       286950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       108835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        395785                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70414                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        60875                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       131289                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data     47875872                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data     47059230                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     94935102                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data     48162822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        60875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data     47168065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total         95462176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        70414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data     48162822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        60875                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data     47168065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total        95462176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4496541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4496541                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1094998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1094998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3157241                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       403526                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      3560767                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       156032                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       155221                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       311253                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       664563                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       410210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1074773                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      2736843                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     81090879                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     81468187                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total    162559066                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     81755442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     81878397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total      166370682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1365196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     81755442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst      1371647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     81878397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total     166370682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999290                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998315                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999179                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997943                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999787                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998863                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.431788                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.265315                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.368250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.051578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044381                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.047971                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.590398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.577639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.584004                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.051578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.589108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.576075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.573792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.051578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.589108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.044381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.576075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.573792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         498362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              498362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp         105712175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq            166837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp           166837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       347538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict        98861239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         5234925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        661483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        4427979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           335135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          272606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    105711560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     33969574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    254276059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       164192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    288409825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     33316631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       170712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     33487343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port          400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         4817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total             321902385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    743316544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side   5337156288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       651924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total   6081124756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port    724644928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       681356                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total    725326284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       102080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       111296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total             6806562336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                       336124422                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples        542935832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.606944                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.488429                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2              213404048     39.31%     39.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3              329531784     60.69%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total          542935832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp         178177562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq             85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp            85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       649757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict       144761093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         9177853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        617903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        7262851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           567740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          511812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    178177464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    245266205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     34539064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    279805269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    240269380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    240269380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total             520074649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   5412693632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side    728348876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total   6141042508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port   5337336960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total   5337336960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total            11478379468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                        45531090                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples        404543525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.110334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.313306                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1              359908570     88.97%     88.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2               44634955     11.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total          404543525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements     79979862                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.751287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs      3200913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs     79979862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.040021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.422334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.167505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.471818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.048269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.640843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.026396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.010469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.466989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.477553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses   1415181895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses   1415181895                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       151587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       151587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       207393                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3042249                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total      3249642                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        55223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        71847                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       127070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        41545                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        90419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total       131964                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40022486                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43030556                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     83111104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1600                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1600                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40064031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43120975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total     83243068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40064031                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43120975                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total     83243068                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       151587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       151587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       207393                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3042249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      3249642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        71847                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       127070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        41547                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        90419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total       131966                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40022486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43030561                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     83111109                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1600                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1600                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40064033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43120980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total     83243075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40064033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43120980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total     83243075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks       151574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total       151574                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements     10771795                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.717607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs       352057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs     10771795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.032683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.396323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.302755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.136271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     7.746192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.024770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.456422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.484137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses    190638496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses    190638496                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       117992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       117992                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        16097                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1972                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        18069                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        16097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total        18069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        16097                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1972                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total        18069                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       161141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       185302                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total       346443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        89343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        89166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       178509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        49308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        21290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        70598                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5409802                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5646331                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11163146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5459110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5667621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total     11233744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5459110                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5667621                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total     11233744                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       117992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       117992                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       161141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       185302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       346443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        89343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        89166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       178509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49308                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        21290                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        70598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5425899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5648303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11181215                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5475207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5669593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total     11251813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5475207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5669593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total     11251813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997033                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999651                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998384                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks        99938                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total        99938                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements     10748316                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.731999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs       339503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs     10748316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.031587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.384282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     0.136088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.298452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.136590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     7.776586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.024018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.008506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.456153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.486037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses    190325903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses    190325903                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        99938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          215                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         5555                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total         5555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5340                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          215                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total         5555                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       161141                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       185302                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total       346443                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        89343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        89166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       178509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        49308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        21290                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total        70598                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5404462                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5646116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     11157591                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5453770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5667406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total     11228189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5453770                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5667406                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total     11228189                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        99938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       161141                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       185302                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       346443                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        89343                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        89166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       178509                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        49308                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        21290                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total        70598                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5409802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5646331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     11163146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5459110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5667621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total     11233744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        58525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5459110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        48488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5667621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total     11233744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999962                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999502                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks        94388                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total        94388                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements     79979412                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.746928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs      3201139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs     79979412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.040025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.387826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.168414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.503132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.051355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     7.636186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.024239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.010526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.468946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.477262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses   1415183149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses   1415183149                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       151574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       151574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           31                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          142                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           31                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          173                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       207393                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3042249                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total      3249642                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        55223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        71847                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total       127070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        41403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        90419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1600                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total       133422                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40022486                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43030525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     83111073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40063889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43120944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total     83244495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data     40063889                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data     43120944                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide         1611                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total     83244495                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       151574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       151574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       207393                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3042249                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total      3249642                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        55223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        71847                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total       127070                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        41545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        90419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       133564                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40022486                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43030556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     83111104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40064031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43120975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total     83244668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        47713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     40064031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        10338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     43120975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total     83244668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996582                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998937                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     1.000000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks       151395                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total       151395                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits          2062923147                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses           9765360                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses      2050802603                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           82812345                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses           152408                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       69354726                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits          2145735492                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses           9917768                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses      2120157329                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         7064055406                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               37                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     7064055443                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              7617227444                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         7151432245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           7151432245                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   3901062985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses    4836681308                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            4690612                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts    262029129                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          3901062985                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts           4836681308                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   9267828449                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes   1519242315                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads   5798147547                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes   4812235620                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs           2157500887                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts         2074379785                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          83121102                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      456607890.094091                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      7160619553.905909                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.940056                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.059944                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                282173241                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass    334822872      4.68%      4.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu       1666614890     23.27%     27.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          368170      0.01%     27.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     27.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd     1935864863     27.03%     54.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        7483908      0.10%     55.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt         116548      0.00%     55.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult     956315148     13.35%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv          74364      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead      2074977908     28.97%     97.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       83173685      1.16%     98.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess     101537657      1.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        7161350013                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits          2072401592                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses           9670846                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses      2060075196                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           82177991                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses           149162                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       68730655                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits          2154579583                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses           9820008                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses      2128805851                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         7092479752                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses               27                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     7092479779                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              7618205499                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         7181916484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           7181916484                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   3914981718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses    4862278545                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            4442266                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts    262904794                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          3914981718                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts           4862278545                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   9308958057                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes   1522236797                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads   5829402161                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes   4838147978                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs           2166216685                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts         2083734627                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          82482058                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      426278164.713568                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      7191927334.286432                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.944045                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.055955                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                282863248                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass    335678232      4.67%      4.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu       1672948653     23.26%     27.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          289422      0.00%     27.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     27.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd     1946251683     27.06%     55.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        7504874      0.10%     55.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt          10797      0.00%     55.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult     961599369     13.37%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv          33601      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead      2084329058     28.98%     97.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       82542948      1.15%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess     100547855      1.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        7191736492                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits          2067340996                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses           9474006                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses      2054864940                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits          108273901                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses           149966                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       93668567                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits          2175614897                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses           9623972                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses      2148533507                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         7125495503                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              146                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     7125495649                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              7618001961                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         7216656743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           7216656743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   3992669267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses    4771563865                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls           16940497                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts    263530199                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          3992669267                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts           4771563865                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   9337021640                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes   1608697897                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads   5716107417                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes   4741349863                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs           2187038870                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts         2078462432                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts         108576438                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      391722048.843620                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      7226279912.156380                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.948579                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.051421                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                295849229                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass    350621530      4.85%      4.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu       1729121210     23.93%     28.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult         2391007      0.03%     28.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     28.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd     1905896383     26.37%     55.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp        7321656      0.10%     55.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          14293      0.00%     55.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult     944587940     13.07%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv          19927      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead      2079069297     28.77%     97.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite      108637807      1.50%     98.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess      98599665      1.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        7226280715                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits          2118908839                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses           9881545                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses      2106705499                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           83890131                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses           152246                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       70350428                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits          2202798970                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses          10033791                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses      2177055927                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         7251521500                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses               57                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     7251521557                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              7618205194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         7341004994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           7341004994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   3999423231                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses    4973970794                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            4417757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts    268173261                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          3999423231                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts           4973970794                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   9515537052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes   1552597147                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads   5963211524                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes   4949345895                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs           2214680236                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts         2130481921                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          84198315                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      266971106.214576                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      7351234087.785424                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.964956                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.035044                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                288352854                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass    343170912      4.67%      4.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu       1707172345     23.22%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          292858      0.00%     27.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     27.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd     1990923796     27.08%     54.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        7610477      0.10%     55.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt          60089      0.00%     55.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult     983740481     13.38%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv          20023      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead      2131080510     28.99%     97.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       84259282      1.15%     98.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess     102708012      1.40%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        7351038785                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              98                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       94274348                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         85258                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       251512                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict     90216519                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4808681                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       421022                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3901664                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        242949                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       204162                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     94274250                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    254280849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    254280849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     34484872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     34484872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total          288765721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side   5337359488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total   5337359488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side    726037004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total    726037004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total          6063396492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                    290903874                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples     473715371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.598281                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.490246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1           190300289     40.17%     40.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2           283415082     59.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total       473715371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000808                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   807606000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6072485570500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                            14768858140                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                              14768650540                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              411098074                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 791976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 29012781646                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   29012781646                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        47040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        58176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        86528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         7616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            318336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        58176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        10688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       177152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         1352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               4974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               117                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    133609706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     58246224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       475479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     72035126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    107141354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst     13234176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      9430341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            394172406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    133609706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       475479                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     72035126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst     13234176                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       219354487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        9271848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             9271848                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        9271848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    133609706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     58246224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       475479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     72035126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    107141354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst     13234176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      9430341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           403444254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       491136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       162496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        65728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            769536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        45952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        50176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         7680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           7680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         7674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         1027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              12024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks          120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1426438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    608138127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     56899032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    201207024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3803835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     81386221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            952860677                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1426438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     56899032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3803835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        62129306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks        9509588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             9509588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks        9509588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1426438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    608138127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     56899032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    201207024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3803835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     81386221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           962370265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1872                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     525     45.30%     45.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      7.94%     53.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.09%     53.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     53.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    540     46.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1159                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      523     45.92%     45.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      8.08%     53.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.09%     54.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.09%     54.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     522     45.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1139                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1136233000     95.06%     95.06% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.58%     95.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     95.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     95.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               52021000      4.35%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1195315000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996190                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.966667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.982744                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      4.63%      4.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  872     76.22%     81.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      5      0.44%     81.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.09%     81.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     193     16.87%     98.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.31%     99.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.17%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1144                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              245                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.391837                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.564327                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       23770993000     99.68%     99.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12931                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          439.761438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             458795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            34.128915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   439.761438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.858909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.858909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           434250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          434250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       100095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         100095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        93607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         93607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1704                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          193702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       193702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         193702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          120                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         13119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        13119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       106120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       100701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1925                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       206821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.056775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.070446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.070446                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.090390                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090390                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065789                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065789                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.063432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.063432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8424                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.941988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1905031117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         371278.720912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.941988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1161093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1161093                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       573615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         573615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       573615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          573615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       573615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         573615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4621                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       578236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       578236                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       578236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       578236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       578236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       578236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                        21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                       5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                        5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                       4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               989049500     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 563000      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           989826000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          411.477393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             100205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           243.807786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   411.477393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.803667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.792969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1350                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total             637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total            637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total            14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total           14                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total          651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total          651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.021505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements               11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1992256436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         3809285.728489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses             3853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses            3853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            1910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           1910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           11                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total            11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total           11                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         1921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total               11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      3444                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    1411     48.94%     48.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.03%     48.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.03%     49.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1470     50.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                2883                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     1411     49.98%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.04%     50.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     50.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    1410     49.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 2823                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               327673000     54.43%     54.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     54.43% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.03%     54.46% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              274170500     45.54%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           602057000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.959184                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979188                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1     11.11%     11.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1     11.11%     22.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     44.44%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1     11.11%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1     11.11%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1     11.11%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                     9                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   19      0.64%      0.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.07%      0.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2847     96.25%     96.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      2      0.07%     97.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     97.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      34      1.15%     98.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  18      0.61%     98.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.17%     99.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 29      0.98%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  2958                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               54                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 32                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 33                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   32                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.611111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.755814                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         485984500     91.33%     91.33% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            46158500      8.67%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      19                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             9348                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.597507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             874906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             9841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            88.904176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   506.597507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.989448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.962891                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           587742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          587742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       175439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         175439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        97135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         97135                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3551                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3551                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       272574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          272574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       272574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         272574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         2898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          188                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           47                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          9397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         9397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       181938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       100033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100033                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3598                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       281971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       281971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       281971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       281971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.035721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.028970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.052193                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052193                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.013063                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.013063                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.033326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             5964                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.941055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            1554832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.871167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.941055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2140142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         2140142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1063054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1063054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1063054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         1063054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      1063054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        1063054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1067732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1067732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1067732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      1067732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      1067732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      1067732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.004381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       863                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     126     45.82%     45.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.36%     46.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.09%     47.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    145     52.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 275                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      126     49.41%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.39%     49.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.18%     50.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     125     49.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  255                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               980797500     99.07%     99.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     99.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.04%     99.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                8783000      0.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           989981000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.862069                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.927273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.29%      0.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     16.57%     16.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.43%     18.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  202     57.71%     76.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.86%     76.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      70     20.00%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.57%     99.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.57%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   350                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              128                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.523438                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.687179                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2464203000     99.67%     99.67% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.33%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.935742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              52765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.216475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   451.935742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.882687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            83615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           83615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        23707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          23707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        13539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         13539                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          495                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           37246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        37246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          37246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          661                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           58                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           21                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        25342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        14200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          552                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          552                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        39542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        39542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        39542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.064517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.046549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.104882                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.104882                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038043                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.038043                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.058065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          158839348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2004                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         79261.151697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           291092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          291092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       143308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         143308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       143308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          143308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       143308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         143308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       144800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       144800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       144800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       144800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 386                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                386                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35636                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17400                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1252                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4700                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4651                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           49                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8424                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3838                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4060                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              188                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            127                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             315                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6211                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        41160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  54318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       540992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1380426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1923290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            29518                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             65985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.102614                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.305894                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   59263     89.81%     89.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6673     10.11%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      49      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               65985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35905                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18244                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1711                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5177                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5057                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          120                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              14550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5235                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3771                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             68                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           6170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8380                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        13492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        28104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  52504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       564096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       983322                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       165824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       222944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1936186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            35041                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             70706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.126637                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.338052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   61882     87.52%     87.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    8694     12.30%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     130      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               70706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               10173                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           64158.746505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs             100026581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               75001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs             1333.669964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1469.390088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst            6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data           19                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   868.815254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data 30338.774208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   347.812626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data 31100.954329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.022421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.000290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.462933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.005307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.474563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.978985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989197                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              293348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             293348                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8424                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3838                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2917                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2922                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2870                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2876                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               6305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              6305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          182                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          125                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1704                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1710                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            11442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1704                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         9729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           11442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8424                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3838                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          188                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          125                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6911                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4632                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6195                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6204                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994536                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.926639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.926639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.368751                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.545455                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.369171                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.536723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.536428                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.368751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.742332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.545455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.644729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.368751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.742332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.545455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.644729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks            230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                 230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                7001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           65092.842105                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              17590800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               71058                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs              247.555518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2849.934767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data           14                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  3529.491199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data 58090.614234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   338.762992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   267.038912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.043487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.053856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.886392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.005169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.004075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.993238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        48655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              283388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             283388                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5235                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         5235                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3051                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         4328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3329                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1023                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4352                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total              10770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         3051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         5347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total             10770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          177                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          191                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          691                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          1247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          215                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1842                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          614                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3885                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             6974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            6974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5235                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5235                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          179                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          197                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         6170                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1637                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         8237                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988827                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969543                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.967742                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.255076                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.885350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.373689                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.347798                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.144102                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.298541                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.495606                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.375076                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.471652                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.347798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.425610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.144102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.516556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.393034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.347798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.425610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.144102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.516556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.393034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              8099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         6508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        26744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        35110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 40866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       180096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       564992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       747354                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       166848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           58                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       166906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 914260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16131                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            42097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.382426                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.485986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25998     61.76%     61.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16099     38.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              42097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              8228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           13811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             390                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         8228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        14515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         5815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        20330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        25901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        25901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 46231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       278336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       166906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       445242                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       565440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       565440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1010682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           10340                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            42084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.236432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.424895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  32134     76.36%     76.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   9950     23.64%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              42084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         2476                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.985804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         2492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.050562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6.083179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.211739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     8.690886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.013234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.543180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.936613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       151492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       151492                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         6214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         8715                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         8715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total          117                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2467                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.483112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.010878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.865647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.270743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.157968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.188754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.304103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.454421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.072373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.136797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        27503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        27503                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2607                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2467                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.483112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs           27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.010878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.865647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     7.270743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     1.157968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.188754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.304103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.454421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.072373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.136797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        27503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        27503                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2607                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           32                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         2478                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.975016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs          127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         2494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.050922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.088770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.397239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     7.489006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.443048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.024827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.468063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.935938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       151528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       151528                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          117                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         6214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         8715                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          117                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           34                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6214                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2483                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         8715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         8715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks          120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total          120                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              107945                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             102929                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              210874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             175248                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         175400                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 2391025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             577754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               577754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       555833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              20117                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        55397                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              555833                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       779338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       388787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               212172                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             108968                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            103204                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      1534832.130151                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      856192.869849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.358086                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.641914                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    80012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10311      1.78%      1.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           336831     58.25%     60.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             647      0.11%     60.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.20%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          113300     19.59%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         103274     17.86%     97.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         12474      2.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            578236                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                 425                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits                246                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits                 671                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits                301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses            301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1979654                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts               1921                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                 1921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses         1829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts          142                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                1829                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads         2452                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes         1427                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                  673                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                425                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts               248                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1977302.013994                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles       2351.986006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.001188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.998812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                      261                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass           11      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu             1119     58.25%     58.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead             444     23.11%     82.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite            248     12.91%     95.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess            94      4.89%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total              1921                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              185340                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               221                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           18807                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             103610                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses               22                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          10573                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              288950                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               243                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           29380                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             119199                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              229                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         119428                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 1203451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            1067477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              1067477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      1043939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses           760                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls              25364                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       103178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             1043939                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                  760                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      1464062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       830192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads          441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes          383                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               289465                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             185761                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            103704                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      407743.486115                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      795707.513885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.661188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.338812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   136343                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         6102      0.57%      0.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           746415     69.91%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            3408      0.32%     70.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     70.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd            112      0.01%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              2      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             15      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          191950     17.98%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         103991      9.74%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         15735      1.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           1067732                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               25347                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              14648                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               39995                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              23940                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          24065                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1979965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             144415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               144415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       138792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               2999                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        16778                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              138792                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       184806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       106171                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                41106                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              26236                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             14870                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1802316.191438                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      177648.808562                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.089723                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.910277                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    20926                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         2849      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            92873     64.14%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             108      0.07%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           27376     18.91%     85.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          14880     10.28%     95.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          6687      4.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            144800                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5010                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          117                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9264                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          187                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           86                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          246                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6313                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6312                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5010                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        26748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        26748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         5815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              32563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       565248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       565248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       166906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       166906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              732154                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        21528                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         42092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.501425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.500004                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               20986     49.86%     49.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               21106     50.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           42092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
