
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   354941500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2261635387500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              194775505                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                194767969                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              586211363                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117924568                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117924568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        25984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             92352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        38720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        61760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     54093421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      8654947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10818684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4327474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst    109088399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     73206430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            260189355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     54093421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     10818684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst    109088399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       174000504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       21997991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            21997991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       21997991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     54093421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      8654947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     10818684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4327474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst    109088399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     73206430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           282187346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        30656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data       370048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            447296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        17728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       192064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         192064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data         5782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               6989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         3001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49946259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     86369162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5048719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     75009544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1262180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data   1042560535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1260196399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     49946259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      5048719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1262180                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        56257158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      541114522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           541114522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      541114522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     49946259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     86369162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      5048719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     75009544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1262180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data   1042560535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1801310920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       576                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     164     47.67%     47.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.29%     47.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    179     52.03%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 344                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      164     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.30%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     163     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  328                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               139307000     91.91%     91.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               12095000      7.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           151566500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.910615                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.953488                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.27%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.25%      3.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.54%      4.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  325     88.08%     92.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.27%     92.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      4.88%     97.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.44%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.27%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   369                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61992500     75.32%     75.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20313000     24.68%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          496.424453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.900457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    24.362794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   472.061660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.047584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.921995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           130286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          130286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          514                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          571                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           56317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        56317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          56317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2197                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27904                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          612                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.085941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.078734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160131                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.065466                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.971993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             338530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           135.846709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    26.600371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   485.371622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.051954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.947991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           335687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          335687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         164104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          164104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         164104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       166597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       166597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       166597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      98     47.12%     47.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.44%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    107     51.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 208                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       98     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.52%     51.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      97     48.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  198                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               351989000     98.38%     98.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.10%     98.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5425000      1.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357775000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.906542                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.951923                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.57%     20.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.77%     22.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  137     48.58%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.35%     71.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     24.47%     96.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.19%     99.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.71%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   282                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          59104500      5.31%      5.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.74%      6.05% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1045331000     93.95%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          457.248861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              49016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.175414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    87.439123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   369.809738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.170780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.722285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          457                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.892578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          454                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          682                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          477                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050710                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081761                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046218                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1268                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.803480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              99910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.793375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   192.575256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   319.228224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.376124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.623493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134613                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       135882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       135882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               357511500     99.95%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           357676000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          276.938053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   275.789871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.148182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.538652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.002243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.540895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1204                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     248     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    245     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 494                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      246     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     245     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  492                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               551499500     98.32%     98.32% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.02%     98.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                9321000      1.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           560932500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991935                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995951                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.53%      0.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.33%      9.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  393     69.19%     79.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.18%     79.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.18%     79.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.61%     97.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.64%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.35%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   568                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         510522000     87.12%     87.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            75510000     12.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements            12773                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          489.049880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             159321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.473264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   171.109913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   317.939967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.334199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.620976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           355592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          355592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        79894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         79894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1138                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          155927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data       155927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         155927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6993                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          146                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         12860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        12860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1284                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       168787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       168787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.102326                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113707                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.076191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             8401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             4269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.871363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             254050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.510424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   205.629307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   306.242056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.401620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.598129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           907110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          907110                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         447150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          447150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         447150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          4270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         4270                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       451420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       451420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       451420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             4269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         22199                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        11349                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1305                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3881                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3825                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           56                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8350                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2336                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              161                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         7128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  32265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       296640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       533456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       139392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       208472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1177960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            23527                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             45602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.148436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.359462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   38897     85.30%     85.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    6641     14.56%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      64      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               45602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17149                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2695                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2615                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           80                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3418                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3957                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6871                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        11958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  50621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       492032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1361376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1853736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            15247                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             49274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.104599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   44200     89.70%     89.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    4994     10.14%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      80      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               49274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                3282                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15630.523808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 50153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               15.281231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7498.568715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1989.577958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  1778.909207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   800.440320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  1779.526557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   516.330418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   843.697576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst    63.092204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   360.380852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.457676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.121434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.108576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.048855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.108614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.031514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.051495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.021996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.954011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          765                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.928833                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              172942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             172942                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1503                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          351                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1916                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1179                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3095                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2786                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               7735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         1916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         3267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              7735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           863                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          577                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          667                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1703                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             3233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            3233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           48                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          637                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2717                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3762                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2930                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4489                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.277404                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.448980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.317630                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231448                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070922                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.177299                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.397952                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.344452                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.379372                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.347904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.294767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.231448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.347904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.070922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.374772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements                5993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15245.037626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 34066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs                5993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.684298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5572.092420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  3520.267723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3498.826460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst  1050.322350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   694.423736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     0.573909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   301.973891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   606.557138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.340094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.214860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.213551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.064107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.042384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.037021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.930483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15938                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         3562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6640                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1059                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972778                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              280044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             280044                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8402                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            1613                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3658                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         3658                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         4147                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         4148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               9419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         3658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         5760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              9419                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          123                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1848                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total             7718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         7105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total            7718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8402                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3418                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          145                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4270                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         5994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         4270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991803                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991935                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765245                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.143326                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.143326                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.308141                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.308205                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.143326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.552274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.450371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.143326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.552274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.450371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           1791                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                1791                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              3483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1439                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         7999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         3827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         3837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 13532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        33344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       259584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       292968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        77504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        77544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                 370512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           18037                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            26760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.639836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.480057                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                   9638     36.02%     36.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  17122     63.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              26760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3101                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         4363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        16884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         4272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        21156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         7650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total         7650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 28806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       525376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        79016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       604392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                 863080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                            3813                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            22678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.164785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.370995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  18941     83.52%     83.52% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                   3737     16.48%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              22678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements         3140                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.148961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           75                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs         3140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.023885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.901832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.117080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.086047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.519984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.119617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.156562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.618864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.007317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.032499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.069976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.134785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses        44666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses        44666                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          553                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1904                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          557                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          834                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1905                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992819                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996390                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.996964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         1099                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.037265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         1099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.103731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.866898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.370065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.660784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.498629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.518729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.179181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.281164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.157421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        25314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        25314                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         1134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          100                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         1134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           89                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         1087                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    13.952884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         1087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.104876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.760661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.370065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     3.660784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     0.122161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.479092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.560122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.110041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.023129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.228799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.007635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.160008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        25215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        25215                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         1134                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           89                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         1134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         1134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           77                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements         3137                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.708193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           70                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs         3137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.022314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.671019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.016852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     0.016456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.534866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.135759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.247017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.086224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.666939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.001053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.001029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.033429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.070985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.015439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.130389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses        44563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses        44563                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          553                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1903                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         2732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          783                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         2732                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          553                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         2733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998031                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999475                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         1310                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         1310                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33986                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8192                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28497                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4653                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               62483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12845                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              44090                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          44184                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  302458                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             166485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               166485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       160669                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           246                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        17224                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              160669                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  246                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       221614                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       113304                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62747                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              34190                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28557                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      231436.826260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      71021.173740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.234813                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.765187                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22627                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2866      1.72%      1.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            96320     57.82%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             157      0.09%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             31      0.02%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           35150     21.10%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28837     17.31%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3236      1.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            166597                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13820                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37542                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23268                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23393                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4522863634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135496                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130179                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2695                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130179                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       172855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38651                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24607                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14044                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3656337647.592215                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      866525986.407786                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.191588                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.808412                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19746                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2818      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86818     63.89%     65.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              87      0.06%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.02%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25657     18.88%     84.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14054     10.34%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6420      4.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            135882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4522863520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      4520512517.603580                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2351002.396420                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.000520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.999480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               82722                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses           34093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              88112                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits              170834                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses           49610                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits             161855                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses         162007                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4523270776                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             450937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               450937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       433986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               8523                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        46957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              433986                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       624418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       294772                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs               171948                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              83562                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             88386                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1645926325.039844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2877344450.960156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.636120                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.363880                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    58349                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         9715      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           256532     56.83%     58.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             512      0.11%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           85822     19.01%     78.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          88453     19.59%     98.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8987      1.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            451420                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1400                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2514                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          166                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          134                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          283                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           851                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          850                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         3017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side         7981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total         7981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         4261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         4261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              12242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       258816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        78312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        78312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total              337128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        17611                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         24707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.672684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.469243                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1                8087     32.73%     32.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               16620     67.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           24707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2021155500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2264013290500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               40504633                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 40504323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              669300781                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 764104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   122314106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122314106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         2624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         3648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       240256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data         1728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            473216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       240256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       278720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      2022464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2022464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         3754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        31601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             31601                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3293166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1298267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     12444367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1804908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    118870616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     92271970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3293166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       854956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            234131416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3293166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     12444367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    118870616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3293166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       137901314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks     1000647402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total          1000647402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks     1000647402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3293166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1298267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     12444367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1804908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    118870616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     92271970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3293166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       854956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1234778818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        64576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       306624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        10880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      1507456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1935232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        23360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        64576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        87936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks      1977472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1977472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         4791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide        23554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              30238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        30898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             30898                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       158325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     11557745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     10892779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     31950040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    151707278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      5383059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      745838705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            957487932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     11557745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     31950040                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        43507786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      978386868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           978386868                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      978386868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       158325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     11557745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     10892779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     31950040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    151707278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      5383059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     745838705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1935874800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       570                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     229     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72     12.77%     53.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.35%     53.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.18%     53.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    260     46.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 564                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      229     42.96%     42.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72     13.51%     56.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.38%     56.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     57.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     229     42.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  533                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              2189030000     98.25%     98.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.24%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               33388000      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228080500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.880769                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.945035                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  416     84.04%     84.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                      6      1.21%     85.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      73     14.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   495                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               75                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               94                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          451.835572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               5597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.542553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   451.835572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.882491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.888672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            61849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses           61849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        10749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          445                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           29717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        29717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          29717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           35                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           14                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           14                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10784                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          531                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          459                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        29865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        29865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.003246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026365                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.030501                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              36672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           143.811765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           202521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          202521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         100878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          100878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         100878                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       101133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       101133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       701                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     178     45.64%     45.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.51%     46.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.26%     46.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    209     53.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 390                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      178     49.72%     49.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.56%     50.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.28%     50.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     177     49.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  358                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1667096000     99.19%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.01%     99.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               13372000      0.80%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1680730500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.846890                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.917949                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      3.34%      3.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.48%      4.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  364     86.87%     90.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      4      0.95%     91.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.24%     92.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      23      5.49%     97.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.15%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   419                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.724138                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65245000     50.73%     50.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            63368000     49.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5212                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          498.034567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              91612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            17.577130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   498.034567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.972724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.966797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           198748                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          198748                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          52117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        38082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          534                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          589                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           90199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        90199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          90199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2240                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          102                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        55158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40322                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        95480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        95480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.055133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055553                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160377                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.072441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.072441                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.055310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             439033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           155.795955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     0.035656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.958136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           523806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          523806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         257673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          257673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         257673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       260493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       260493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       260493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             2818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     241                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     13143                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    2645     36.71%     36.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                     65      0.90%     37.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      0.03%     37.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.01%     37.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   4492     62.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                7205                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     2642     49.37%     49.37% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                      65      1.21%     50.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      0.04%     50.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.02%     50.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    2641     49.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 5351                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1691077000     75.90%     75.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4647500      0.21%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.00%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     76.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              532191000     23.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          2228125500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998866                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.587934                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.742679                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         3      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.11%     36.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        5     13.89%     52.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        8     22.22%     75.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.78%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::92                        1      2.78%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.78%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.78%     97.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.78%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.04%      0.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  346      3.88%      3.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      10      0.11%      4.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 6717     75.34%     79.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    340      3.81%     83.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.01%     83.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     420      4.71%     87.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  71      0.80%     88.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.03%     88.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               1002     11.24%     99.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.01%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  8915                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              765                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                349                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                348                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                  349                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.454902                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.625673                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2638890500     87.74%     87.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user           368616500     12.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     346                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            40030                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          500.217545                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             917401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            40030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.917837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    15.859320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   484.358225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.030975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.946012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          1983876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         1983876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       563655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         563655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       343356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        343356                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        11454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        11454                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        12584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12584                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          907011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       907011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         907011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        28840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        10375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10375                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1344                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1344                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         39215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        39215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        39215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       592495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       592495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       353731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12798                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12745                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       946226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       946226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       946226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.048676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.048676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.029330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029330                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.105016                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.105016                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.012632                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.012632                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.041444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            22451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            83286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            3195435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            83286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            38.367012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    29.797591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   482.202409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.058198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.941802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6577092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses         6577092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3163617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         3163617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst      3163617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        3163617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        83286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         83286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        83286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3246903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      3246903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst      3246903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      3246903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.025651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks        83286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total            83286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       100                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                      30     34.09%     34.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      2      2.27%     36.36% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      3.41%     39.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     53     60.23%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  88                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                       30     46.88%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       2      3.12%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      4.69%     54.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                      29     45.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   64                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1882201500     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  98000      0.01%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.02%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                4785000      0.25%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1887436000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.547170                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.727273                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      3.19%      3.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   80     85.11%     88.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      7      7.45%     95.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       4      4.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    94                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                7                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          421.981993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               3475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             6.471136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   421.981993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.824184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.824184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            16157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           16157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           3654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data         3286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total            6940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data         6940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total           6940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total         7626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.105289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.072276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.354839                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.344828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.344828                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.089955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              304                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs              59193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.094416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses            44417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses           44417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           20731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          20731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          985                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 427                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  3559424                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        442                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1250                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57061                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         5112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       111510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         5684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      3560536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3566220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                55755                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                55755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               501795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              501795                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              139                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        55616                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                55616                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         17059                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         8820                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          734                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            3473                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3432                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           41                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               6775                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3339                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1726                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             60                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3075                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        15846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  26480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        28288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       335232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       546784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                  923638                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           195787                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            213414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.024380                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.155497                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  208253     97.58%     97.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    5119      2.40%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      42      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              213414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests        250557                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       124818                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        31148                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9471                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9277                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          194                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             115588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22755                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean        60650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          84271                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         30636                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       226407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       117772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         1985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                 348949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      9159744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      4022346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       115200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        62068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                13359358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           139979                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples            391920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.182433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.387520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                  320620     81.81%     81.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                   71102     18.14%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     197      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total              391920                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                2415                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15448.545616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 32447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                2415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               13.435611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8011.611794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1519.225291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   847.821420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   415.105602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   922.711962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   186.486610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   197.912763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst  1053.685169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2293.985006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.488990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.092726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.051747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.025336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.056318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.011382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.012080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.064312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.140014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.942904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        14029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.932800                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              135642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             135642                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3339                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1701                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1704                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          151                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2062                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2213                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          151                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         2062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         3623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          134                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total           411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          758                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          862                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1205                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1270                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             2543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            2543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3339                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          134                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           57                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2103                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3075                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         3249                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total           8439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         2820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total          8439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.191155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.194326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.407843                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.268794                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.280325                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.532787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.385353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.390890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.407843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.552239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.268794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.307266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.301339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.407843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.552239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.268794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.307266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.301339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           1194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                1194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               11671                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15886.163476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 58124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               11671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                4.980207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  7136.789167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst  1367.269599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   906.528158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   655.962045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   314.143837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst  2044.909602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1351.874121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   907.868097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  1200.818851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.435595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.083452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.055330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.040037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.019174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.124811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.082512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.055412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.073292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses             1776335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses            1776335                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        60650                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total        60650                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         4490                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total            4522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        78507                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          881                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total        79388                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        26795                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          340                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        27135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        78507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data        31285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             111045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst        78507                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data        31285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            111045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          169                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          182                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          147                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          155                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          5791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4779                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         4883                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           57                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            13745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         8640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           13745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        60650                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total        60650                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          172                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          150                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        10116                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        10313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        84271                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        29809                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          397                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        30206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total         124790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        83286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        39925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total        124790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.982558                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.978495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.980000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.981013                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.556149                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.837563                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.561524                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.057381                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.105584                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.057944                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.101110                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.143577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101669                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.057381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.216406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.105584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.373737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.110145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.057381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.216406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.105584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.373737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           5708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                5708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              8507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        57133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        55616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side         5846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total         9054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        15181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total        18843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        93696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        73569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       167265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                195162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        44096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       239734                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       467136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3902                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       471038                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1998848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      1569472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3568320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                4279092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           71197                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           198998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.353355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.478013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 128681     64.66%     64.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  70317     35.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             198998                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            30503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           30449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        20628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side        20355                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        40983                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        78896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        78896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                119879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       771456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       471550                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1243006                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3319808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total      3319808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                4562814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           75225                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           155523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.483144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499717                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  80383     51.69%     51.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  75140     48.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             155523                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        27026                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.736252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs          193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        27026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.007141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.100896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.496547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.347498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.381888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.409423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.881306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.031034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.021719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.023868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.025589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       450262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       450262                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide           42                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total           50                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1491                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         1970                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        24384                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         2020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.978723                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974453                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.975248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.697842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks        25523                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total        25523                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         5349                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.562411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs           99                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         5349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.018508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.197322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.197328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.288153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.676669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.202939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.074833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.512333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.330510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.042292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.012684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.972651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        83603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        83603                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          330                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total          330                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1850                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         6977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         6977                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          330                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          330                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         6977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks          327                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total          327                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         5346                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.608120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         5346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.018706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.991639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     8.339811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     5.385747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.682066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.208856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.061977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.521238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.336609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.042629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.013054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.975507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        83575                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        83575                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total          327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1849                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1223                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         6976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3072                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         6976                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          110                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           39                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         6977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         3759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         6977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999459                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999460                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks          323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total          323                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        27025                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.733044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           79                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        27025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.002923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.157200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.393996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.343877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.443503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.394469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.884825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.024625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.021492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.027719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.024654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       473659                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       473659                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        25523                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25523                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          366                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total        24750                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total        26352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total        26352                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        25523                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25523                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          139                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        24384                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        24752                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1123                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           97                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total        26354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        24481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total        26354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks        25520                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total        25520                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               19898                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              11605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               31503                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              11087                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          11087                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 4456244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             101133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               101133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses        97126                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               9119                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts         6732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts               97126                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       123733                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes        75256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                31650                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              20042                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             11608                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      4344761.584204                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      111482.415796                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.025017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.974983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    17198                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          454      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            64383     63.66%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult              86      0.09%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           21669     21.43%     85.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          11612     11.48%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          2929      2.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            101133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               55664                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           28506                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              40938                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          16400                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               96602                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               148                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           44906                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             131107                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         131228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 3361038                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             260335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               260335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       251936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           349                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               6701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        28108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              251936                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  349                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       344910                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       179915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                96936                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              55924                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             41012                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3144349.211388                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      216688.788612                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.064471                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.935529                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    36812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         4602      1.77%      1.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           153376     58.88%     60.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             170      0.07%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.02%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           56942     21.86%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          41293     15.85%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          4061      1.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            260493                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits              602164                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              1918                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses          110637                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits             366983                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  13                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          65544                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              969147                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses              2235                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   25                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses          176181                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             832148                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             1900                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         834048                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 4456503                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts            3244643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps              3244643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses      3099077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         17954                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             118918                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts       326710                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts             3099077                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                17954                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads      4228887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes      2352832                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        10116                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         9979                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               976259                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts             607900                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts            368359                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      875041.283950                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      3581461.716050                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.803648                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.196352                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                   479827                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass        73301      2.26%      2.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu          2088173     64.31%     66.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult            9773      0.30%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           4613      0.14%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              5      0.00%     67.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           1949      0.06%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            652      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead          629771     19.40%     86.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite         369509     11.38%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess         69156      2.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total           3246903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                4133                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              19                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits               3610                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                7743                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              19                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits               1228                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses           1228                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 3774879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              21714                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                21714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        20988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                934                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         2100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               20988                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads        28863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        14821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                 7775                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts               4152                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts              3623                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      3754606.228269                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      20272.771731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.005370                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.994630                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                     3309                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          221      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            13105     60.35%     61.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult              48      0.22%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.05%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead            4265     19.64%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite           3628     16.71%     97.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess           438      2.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             21716                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             681                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7408                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25850                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2762                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          193                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          149                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          314                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         26607                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        26604                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6727                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        79243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        79243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side        20352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total        20352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              99595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side      3320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total      3320128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       471358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       471358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             3791486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                       114054                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples        177201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.638157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.480535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               64119     36.18%     36.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2              113082     63.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total          177201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.715642                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                715642168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2979655458500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1691425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1691425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227331713                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 768200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3148.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5324620818                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5324620818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2655936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1017920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3257536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      1187712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2788288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       947328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3706176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      1158336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          16719232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      2655936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3257536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2788288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3706176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     12407936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      1177344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1177344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        41499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        15905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        50899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        18558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        43567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        14802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        57909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        18099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             261238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        18396                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             18396                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3711263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      1422387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4551906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      1659645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3896204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      1323745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5178812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1618597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             23362558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      3711263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4551906                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3896204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5178812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        17338185                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        1645157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             1645157                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        1645157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      3711263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      1422387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      4551906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      1659645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3896204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      1323745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5178812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1618597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            25007716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1017088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    114457856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1620800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data    126212800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1471552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    125326784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1192320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data    130757376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide      7507968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         509564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1017088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      1620800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1471552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1192320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total      5301760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    413127040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      413127040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1788404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1972075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        22993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      1958231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        18630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data      2043084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       117312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            7961946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      6455110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           6455110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1421224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    159937272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2264819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    176363000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2056268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    175124929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1666084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data    182713347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide       10491232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            712038176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      1421224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2264819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2056268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1666084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         7408395                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      577281578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           577281578                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      577281578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      1421224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    159937272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2264819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    176363000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2056268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    175124929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1666084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data    182713347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide      10491232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1289319754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     291                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    161872                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   12178     34.17%     34.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.06%     34.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.06%     36.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    678      1.90%     38.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  22031     61.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               35640                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    12178     47.47%     47.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.08%     47.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.86%     50.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     678      2.64%     53.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   12044     46.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                25653                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713392375000     99.69%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               91692500      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2117244000      0.30%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715638728500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.546684                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.719781                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.68%      0.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.36%      2.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2      1.36%      3.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       24     16.33%     19.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      118     80.27%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   147                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  834      1.14%      1.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1832      2.50%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                29528     40.31%     43.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1744      2.38%     46.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4683      6.39%     52.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                2770      3.78%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.00%     56.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique              31856     43.49%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 73253                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6512                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               4438                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               4437                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 4438                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.681357                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.810502                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       87584536000     12.20%     12.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        630305994500     87.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1832                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          4864129                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.047994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          267856554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4864129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.067732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   506.047994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.988375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        550335269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       550335269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    211865792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211865792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     55861841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55861841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        43111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        43775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        43775                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267727633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       267727633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    267727633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      267727633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      3692261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3692261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1197801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1197801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        11521                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11521                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10420                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10420                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4890062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4890062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4890062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4890062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    215558053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215558053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     57059642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     57059642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        54632                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        54195                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    272617695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    272617695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    272617695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.210884                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.210884                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.192269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.192269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3198592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          3198592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           397518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1266879069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           397518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3186.972839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537642462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537642462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268224954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1268224954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst   1268224954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1268224954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       397518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        397518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       397518                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst   1268622472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268622472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       397518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           397518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     363                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    132912                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    6985     32.48%     32.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      3.41%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    452      2.10%     37.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  13335     62.01%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               21505                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     6985     46.79%     46.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      4.91%     51.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     452      3.03%     54.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    6759     45.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                14929                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            714814489500     99.86%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               72303000      0.01%     99.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31              923430500      0.13%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846140000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.506862                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.694211                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.33%      0.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                      292     95.74%     96.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       11      3.61%     99.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                        1      0.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   305                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  571      1.12%      1.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  683      1.33%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.01%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                17984     35.12%     37.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1687      3.29%     40.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2342      4.57%     45.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 810      1.58%     47.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.01%     47.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              27125     52.97%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 51208                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2526                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               2019                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                499                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               2171                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 2019                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  152                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.859462                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.304609                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.860825                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1940492500      0.27%      0.27% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        627643936500     87.52%     87.79% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         87582375000     12.21%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     683                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          4795671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          506.298478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          265519794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          4795671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            55.366557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   506.298478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.988864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        545520182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       545520182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    210271145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      210271145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     55217786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      55217786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        20024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        21985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265488931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       265488931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265488931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      265488931                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3645073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3645073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1168150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1168150                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4015                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         4015                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4813223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4813223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      4813223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4813223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    213916218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    213916218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     56385936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56385936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        26213                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270302154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    270302154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270302154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    270302154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.020717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.236104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.236104                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.154423                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.154423                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3153594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          3153594                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           260172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1258044390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           260172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          4835.433444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2519054178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2519054178                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1259136831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1259136831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1259136831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1259136831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       260172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        260172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       260172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1259397003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1259397003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       260172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           260172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     391                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    629412                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    8467     30.35%     30.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    118      0.42%     30.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      2.63%     33.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                    696      2.49%     35.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  17888     64.11%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               27902                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     8467     46.05%     46.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     118      0.64%     46.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      3.99%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                     696      3.79%     54.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    8371     45.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                18385                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713789635000     99.75%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8437000      0.00%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               99930500      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1624291500      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715558211000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.467967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.658913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      2.13%      2.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         1      2.13%      4.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        8     17.02%     21.28% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.13%     23.40% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        8     17.02%     40.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                       28     59.57%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    47                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  344      0.58%      0.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  939      1.59%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                23737     40.07%     42.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1791      3.02%     45.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2744      4.63%     49.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 588      0.99%     50.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     50.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              29090     49.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 59241                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             3684                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2466                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2467                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2466                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.669653                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.802114                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       15535418000      2.17%      2.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        700018917000     97.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     939                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          5734370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.544033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          303418331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5734370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            52.912235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   510.544033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.997156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          442                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        624112294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       624112294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    235771136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      235771136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     67577041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      67577041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        30485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        30485                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        32250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        32250                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303348177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       303348177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    303348177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      303348177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      4526188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4526188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1229213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1229213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7817                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7817                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5973                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5973                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5755401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       5755401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      5755401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      5755401                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    240297324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    240297324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     68806254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     68806254                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        38302                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        38223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        38223                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    309103578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    309103578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    309103578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.017865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.204089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.204089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.156267                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.156267                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4058284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          4058284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           288379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1402135016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           288379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          4862.125938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2812928911                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2812928911                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1406031887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1406031887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst   1406031887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1406031887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       288379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        288379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       288379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst   1406320266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1406320266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       288379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           288379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     393                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    161588                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   15911     39.23%     39.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    733      1.81%     41.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    868      2.14%     43.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  23045     56.82%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               40557                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    15911     47.52%     47.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     733      2.19%     49.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     868      2.59%     52.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   15970     47.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                33482                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            713999813000     99.74%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               35917000      0.01%     99.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30               97302000      0.01%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1713207000      0.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        715846239000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.692992                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.825554                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      1.97%      1.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                        19     12.50%     14.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        8      5.26%     19.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      1.32%     21.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.97%     23.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                       39     25.66%     48.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                       78     51.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   152                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  510      0.67%      0.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1095      1.45%      2.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.01%      2.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                36304     47.95%     50.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   4919      6.50%     56.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    2953      3.90%     60.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 923      1.22%     61.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       4      0.01%     61.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              29002     38.30%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 75714                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4048                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               2621                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               2621                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 2621                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.647480                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.786025                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       91241196500     12.71%     12.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        626487177500     87.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1095                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          5054634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.793865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          268943745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5054634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.207363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   505.793865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.820312                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        553127389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       553127389                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data    211854480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      211854480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     56955584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      56955584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        62161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        62161                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        65490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        65490                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268810064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       268810064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    268810064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      268810064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      3768570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3768570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1305525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1305525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        10530                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        10530                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6144                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5074095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       5074095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      5074095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      5074095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    215623050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    215623050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     58261109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     58261109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        72691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        72691                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        71634                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        71634                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    273884159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    273884159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    273884159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.022408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022408                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.144860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.144860                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.085769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.085769                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3299196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          3299196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           344027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1268159524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           344027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3686.220919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2537834727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2537834727                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1268401323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1268401323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst   1268401323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1268401323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       344027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        344027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       344027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst   1268745350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1268745350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       344027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           344027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 914                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  7507968                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1549                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              126860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             126860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        15648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        21718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       235100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  256818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        62592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3186                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        66247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      7509872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  7576119                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               117550                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               117550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1057950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1057950                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              238                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               117312                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      20710610                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10361830                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       435404                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3338071                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      3255198                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        82873                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            8013028                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               4635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              4635                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6352186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       414206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3129948                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27322                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          14435                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           41757                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2338629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2338629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         657690                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7355044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1060842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14609663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       668744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     14353189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               30692438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     42452736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    517191257                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     26148608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    509777008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1095569609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                         22188164                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          42874946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.100161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.306591                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                38663511     90.18%     90.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 4128508      9.63%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   82912      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                      14      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               4                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            42874946                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      22913776                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11461590                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       415929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          473026                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       357568                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       115458                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            8946528                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      7357480                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       415645                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          3242983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            25334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          12117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           37451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2509404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2509404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         632406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8313105                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       759587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     17182915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       920870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     15149328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               34012700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     30157312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    627881646                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     36917952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    535670608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total              1230627518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                         12679964                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          35566696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.040014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.211931                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                34259142     96.32%     96.32% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                 1191978      3.35%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  115550      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                      26      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            35566696                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             3963963                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           16100.242137                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              14007693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             3963963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.533760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8837.880880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   158.465457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    86.878025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    42.398027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    91.731868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   357.653657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  2554.303219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   446.317810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  3524.613196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.539421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.005303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.002588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.005599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.021829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.155902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.027241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.215125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.982681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2959                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983215                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           168476305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          168476305                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6352186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      6352186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       414206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       414206                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          245                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            540                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          132                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total          149                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        58333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        41471                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total           99804                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       340127                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       183948                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       524075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      2987569                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2764381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      5751950                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       340127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3045902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       183948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2805852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            6375829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       340127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3045902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       183948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      2805852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           6375829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15159                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6133                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        21292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7847                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2332                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        10179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1119662                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1118189                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       2237851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57391                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        76224                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       133615                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       707375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       881546                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1588921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1827037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        76224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1999735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          3960387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        57391                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1827037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        76224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1999735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         3960387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6352186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6352186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       414206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       414206                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15454                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        21832                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7979                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        10328                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1177995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1159660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2337655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       657690                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      3694944                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3645927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7340871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4872939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       10336216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       397518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4872939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       260172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      4805587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      10336216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.980911                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.961587                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.975266                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.983457                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992763                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985573                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.950481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.964239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.957306                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144373                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.292975                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.203158                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.191444                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.241789                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.216449                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.374935                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.292975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.416127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.383156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.144373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.374935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.292975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.416127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.383156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        3096487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             3096487                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             4224075                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           16219.359615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs              16232031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             4224075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                3.842742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle        2361138854500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  9312.382518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    21.600185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    11.331662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    12.355896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     2.233814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   416.807988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  3201.239484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   310.566031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  2930.842037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.568383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.025440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.195388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.018955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.178884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.989951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        15944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973145                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses           186702284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses          186702284                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      7357480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      7357480                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       415645                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       415645                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           66                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          107                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            173                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        57639                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        58222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total          115861                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       221812                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       267447                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       489259                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3697943                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2921337                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      6619280                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       221812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3755582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       267447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2979559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            7224400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       221812                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3755582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       267447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      2979559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           7224400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9112                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        11985                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        21097                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         4488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4642                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         9130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1159969                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1232446                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       2392415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        66567                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        76580                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       143147                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       830751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       852388                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1683139                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        66567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1990720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        76580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2084834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          4218701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        66567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1990720                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        76580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2084834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         4218701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      7357480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      7357480                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       415645                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       415645                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9178                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        12092                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        21270                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         4512                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4667                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         9179                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1217608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1290668                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2508276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       632406                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      4528694                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      3773725                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8302419                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total       11443101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       288379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      5746302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       344027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      5064393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total      11443101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992809                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.991151                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.991866                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994681                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994643                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.994662                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.952662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.954890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.953809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.230832                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.222599                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.226353                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.183442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.225874                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.202729                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.230832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.346435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.222599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.411665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.368668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.230832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.346435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.222599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.411665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        3260661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             3260661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1868326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             9548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3222660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          815187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33981                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         19929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          41397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2240792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2239577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1867015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       117312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       369047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side     11480238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         9858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total     11859143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       380326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        11860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       392186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       352566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       352566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total              12603895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      9336384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side    442215040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33289                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    451584713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      9997504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        32958                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total     10030462                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side      7523200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      7523200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              469138375                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                        17723530                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         26095635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.677489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.467437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                8416123     32.25%     32.25% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3               17679512     67.75%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           26095635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           3415964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6464608                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          941632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           44492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         19392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          50702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4745077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4743177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3414947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     11902373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       444659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     12347032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     11503802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total     11503802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              23850834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    468578176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side     10113086                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    478691262                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    457196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total    457196544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              935887806                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          567350                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples         16833294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.032747                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.177974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1               16282049     96.73%     96.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 551245      3.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total           16833294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements      4775699                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.681048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs        14464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs      4775699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.003029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.851762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.026980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.346843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.034187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.421043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.678235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.146678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.151315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses     69949617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses     69949617                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3204264                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3204264                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_hits::total          136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_hits::total          207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          120                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           87                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_hits::total          207                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10519                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4859                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        15378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1117046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1116770                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total      2233816                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       686431                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       860927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1588729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1803477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1977697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total      3822545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1803477                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1977697                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total      3822545                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3204264                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3204264                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10519                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4859                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        15378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1117139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1116813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2233952                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       686458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       860971                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1588800                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       117312                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1803597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1977784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total      3822752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1803597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1977784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total      3822752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999955                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks      3204056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total      3204056                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements       144444                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.783087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs         6732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs       144444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.046606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.199098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.006843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.080679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.514583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.981884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.137444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.250428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.130042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.282161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.123868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.923943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses      2341848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses      2341848                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          223                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          143                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          401                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_hits::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          232                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst           35                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          146                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_hits::total          413                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1960                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4416                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1904                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         3125                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        20654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        22328                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       144466                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total       147591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21857                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24250                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total       147591                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2456                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4416                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1904                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20877                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57950                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        22471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       144867                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        22089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total       148004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        22089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total       148004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.992574                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.996175                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989318                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.993636                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997232                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.989497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.994015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks         9128                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total         9128                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements       144047                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.684635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs         6501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs       144047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.045131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.493451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.185926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     2.156962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.800451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     2.047845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.093341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.261620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.134810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.300028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.127990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses      2334614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses      2334614                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         9128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_hits::total          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          106                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_hits::total          241                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1960                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2456                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total         4416                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1904                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1916                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         3109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        20537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57909                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        22228                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       144241                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total       147350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        43567                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        21730                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        57909                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        24144                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total       147350                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         9128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2456                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         4416                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1904                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2223                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1922                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        20654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        22328                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       144466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        21857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total       147591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        43569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        21857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        57915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        24250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total       147591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.994190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.995629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks         8861                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total         8861                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements      4775616                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.626165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs        14332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs      4775616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.003001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10.927097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.026479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.297099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.035951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     2.339312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.682944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.143569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.146207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses     70063285                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses     70063285                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3204056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3204056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_hits::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_hits::total          108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data           58                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_hits::total          108                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10519                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4859                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        15378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1117020                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1116756                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total      2351088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       686399                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       860891                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1588661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1803419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1977647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total      3939749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1803419                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1977647                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total      3939749                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3204056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3204056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10519                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4859                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        15378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3890                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          881                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4771                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1117046                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1116770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       117312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2351128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       686431                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       860927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          154                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1588729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1803477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1977697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total      3939857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst        15892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1803477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        25325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1977697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide       117466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total      3939857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999983                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999957                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks      3203947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total      3203947                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           215560275                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             64159                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       214016933                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           57113589                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            12142                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       55866466                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           272673864                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             76301                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       269883399                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits         1261168167                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            10889                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses     1261179056                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1431284627                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts         1268546171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps           1268546171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses   1040127684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses     218410881                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            2856217                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     87411310                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts          1040127684                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts            218410881                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1705498136                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    837000944                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads    246328638                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes    178041228                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            272810544                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          215677074                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          57133470                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      162651299.069036                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1268633327.930964                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.886360                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.113640                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                108550219                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     82339665      6.49%      6.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        751368664     59.23%     65.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult        25234245      1.99%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       84373914      6.65%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp        7865300      0.62%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt        2416612      0.19%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult      36547217      2.88%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv        4506669      0.36%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       215769648     17.01%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       57137926      4.50%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess       1062612      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total        1268622472                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           213903357                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             58373                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       213150943                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           56412605                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            12054                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       55739486                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           270315962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             70427                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       268890429                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits         1255606016                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            10098                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses     1255616114                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1431692643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1259326576                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1259326576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses   1032202054                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses     217131126                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls            2637150                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     86769832                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts          1032202054                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts            217131126                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1693082333                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    830720144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads    244745200                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes    177072530                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            270429326                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          214000868                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          56428458                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      171926630.066628                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1259766012.933372                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.879914                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.120086                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                107500017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     82063712      6.52%      6.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        746109932     59.24%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult        24974507      1.98%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd       83878136      6.66%     74.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp        7792607      0.62%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt        2390978      0.19%     75.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult      36351585      2.89%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv        4449743      0.35%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       214055072     17.00%     95.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       56429862      4.48%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        900869      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1259397003                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           240240514                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses            538662                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       239620756                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           68845447                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            19248                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       67682713                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           309085961                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses            557910                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       307303469                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits         1400443797                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses            10840                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses     1400454637                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1431116862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts         1405762356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps           1405762356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses   1137782529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses     267704617                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            5718521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     94715309                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts          1137782529                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts            267704617                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads   1881915904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    900852926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads    300922134                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes    217673298                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            309744336                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          240875177                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          68869159                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      24950674.376024                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      1406166187.623976                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.982566                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.017434                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                119876450                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     93315460      6.64%      6.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        807232458     57.40%     64.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult        25838056      1.84%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd      101252544      7.20%     73.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp       10797061      0.77%     73.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt        3199375      0.23%     74.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult      42596534      3.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv        6459907      0.46%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       240942805     17.13%     94.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       68872212      4.90%     99.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess       5813854      0.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total        1406320266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits           215651176                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             61314                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses       213539725                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           58332940                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses            12427                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       55810448                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           273984116                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             73741                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       269350173                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits         1253521172                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses            10833                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses     1253532005                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1431692871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts         1268671609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps           1268671609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses   1042008020                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses     216310425                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls            2884901                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     88077179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts          1042008020                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts            216310425                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads   1704647723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    837382776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads    243693482                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes    176421612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            274107645                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts          215757183                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          58350462                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      162574936.923458                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      1269117934.076542                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.886446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.113554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                109044041                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     82044988      6.47%      6.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        752323404     59.30%     65.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult        24832559      1.96%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd       83557881      6.59%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp        7752668      0.61%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt        2373257      0.19%     75.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult      36172533      2.85%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv        4427401      0.35%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead       215880455     17.02%     95.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       58354138      4.60%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess       1026066      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total        1268745350                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1017                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        1734212                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq           4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp          4913                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3213184                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       807878                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq        24821                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        12967                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        28692                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       2355266                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      2354253                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1733195                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side     11831893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total     11831893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       443418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       443418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total           12275311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side    457210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total    457210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side     10062974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total     10062974                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total           467273406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                     13370971                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples      21463855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.620141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.485352                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1             8153241     37.99%     37.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2            13310614     62.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total        21463855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   940470500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2980595929000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             3805538967                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               3805476978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              671895124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 768200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5326550416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5326550416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       144192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       119872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data         7040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data        52608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            440832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       144192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        12672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       261312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks        21248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          21248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data          822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               6888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks          332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    153319004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    127459607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     13474107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      7485615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    110991254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     55937959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        68051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            468735596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    153319004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     13474107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    110991254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        68051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       277852415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       22592947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22592947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       22592947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    153319004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    127459607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     13474107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      7485615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    110991254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     55937959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        68051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           491328542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        64064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       275584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        65408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       499648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            908928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        64064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        68288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       909120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         909120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         4306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         7807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              14202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks        14205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             14205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     68119096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    293027798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3266450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data     69548168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1224919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    531274506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            966460936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     68119096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      3266450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1224919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        72610465                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      966665089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           966665089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      966665089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     68119096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    293027798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      3266450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data     69548168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1224919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    531274506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1933126026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      4247                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    1124     45.90%     45.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      3.76%     49.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.04%     49.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.04%     49.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   1231     50.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                2449                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     1124     48.01%     48.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      3.93%     51.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.04%     51.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.04%     52.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    1123     47.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 2341                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               629096500     76.92%     76.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.84%     77.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     77.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     77.79% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              181607000     22.21%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           817817000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.912266                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.955900                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1      5.88%      5.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      5.88%     11.76% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         5     29.41%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         2     11.76%     52.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        2     11.76%     64.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        1      5.88%     70.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                        1      5.88%     76.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        1      5.88%     82.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        2     11.76%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::130                       1      5.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    17                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.03%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   27      0.85%      0.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.06%      0.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 2210     69.98%     70.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.32%     71.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.03%     71.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     145      4.59%     75.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  28      0.89%     76.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.16%     76.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                729     23.08%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  3158                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              173                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 51                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 52                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   51                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.300578                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.459821                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         456039000     68.53%     68.53% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           209449500     31.47%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      27                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14327                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.964242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             401278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.199756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   495.964242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.968680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           792319                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          792319                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         229858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       130643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        130643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         6598                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7124                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          360501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       360501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         360501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           35                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        14060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       240017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       134544                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7159                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       374561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       374561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.028994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028994                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089805                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.004889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004889                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.037537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             9789                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             8915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.950263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2773521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             9427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           294.210353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.950263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2665762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2665762                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1319501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1319501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst      1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1319501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         8920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          8920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         8920                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1328421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       801                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      96     45.07%     45.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.47%     45.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.41%     46.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    113     53.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 213                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       96     49.23%     49.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.51%     49.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.54%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      95     48.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  195                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               944704500     99.36%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.37% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.04%     99.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5636500      0.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           950751000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.840708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.915493                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     20.14%     20.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      1.74%     22.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  140     48.61%     70.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      1.04%     71.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      70     24.31%     96.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.12%     99.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.69%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   288                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  5                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.200000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.697436                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58426500      5.42%      5.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.76%      6.18% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1010888500     93.82%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          419.269880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              62510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.132943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   419.269880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.818886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.904297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            78831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           78831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          458                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           35147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          35147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2206                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          478                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        37353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        37353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087866                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037815                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1282228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           693.846320                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           273564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          273564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       136114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       136114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1336                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1245                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     263     49.25%     49.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      0.19%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     49.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    269     50.37%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      261     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      0.19%     50.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.19%     50.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     260     49.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  523                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              1008761000     98.49%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.00%     98.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.01%     98.50% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               15314500      1.50%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          1024236500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992395                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.966543                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.979401                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      8.70%      9.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  431     70.77%     79.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      3      0.49%     80.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.16%     80.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     101     16.58%     97.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.46%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   609                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              153                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.633987                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.776892                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         952599500     92.66%     92.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75513000      7.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12799                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.403701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             191917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            14.417925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   445.403701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.869929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.869929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           364406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          364406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        78442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          78442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        81727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         81727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          160169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       160169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         160169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        88810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1311                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1305                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.069490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.079755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.126621                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.094253                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.094253                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             8425                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            4375548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           865.245798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           933621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          933621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         459990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          459990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         459990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       464537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       464537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       464537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                        21                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       5     26.32%     26.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      1      5.26%     31.58% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      5.26%     36.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                     12     63.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                  19                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        5     45.45%     45.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       1      9.09%     54.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      9.09%     63.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                       4     36.36%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                   11                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               949829000     99.92%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                  49000      0.01%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.02%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31                 563500      0.06%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           950606000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.333333                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.578947                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                   15     78.95%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                      2     10.53%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       2     10.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                    19                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          402.527894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              20823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.529563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   402.527894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.786187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.786187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             1354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses            1354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            9                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.111111                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             255109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           496.321012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses             3858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses            3858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           1926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total            1926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst         1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total           1926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total         1928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total         1928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         53775                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        27065                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2375                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            9435                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         9382                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           53                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              23213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         8806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             53                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             414                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4193                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          10256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         12405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        25661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        45121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  80765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1071424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1549128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       148544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       211360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 2980456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            57099                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            111684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.128810                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.336617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   97359     87.17%     87.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   14264     12.77%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                      61      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              111684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35148                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1164                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            4935                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4844                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           91                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8426                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3862                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              158                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            129                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4549                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6032                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        38799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  51805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       538048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1368296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1907192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            38180                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             73247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.095485                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.298083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   66344     90.58%     90.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    6812      9.30%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                      91      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               73247                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               10720                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse           15943.509075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                345174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               25437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs               13.569761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  4944.768079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst  2738.511838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data  5537.930069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   610.106977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data  2112.192112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.301805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.167145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.338008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.128918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.973115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898254                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              426578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             426578                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        10874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           76                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total             80                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2018                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total            2095                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5666                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1090                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         6756                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         6025                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6961                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total              15812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         5666                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         8043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total             15812                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          217                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1550                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          544                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2094                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3254                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          246                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3500                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         5314                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            10908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         3254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          246                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           10908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        10874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         8806                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          280                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3568                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         4189                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        10256                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        10733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        12275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          26720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         8920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        14301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         26720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.728571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.730640                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.962963                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.434417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.876006                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.499881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.364798                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.184132                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.341264                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.438647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.392996                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.432912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.364798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.437592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.184132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.531669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.408234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.364798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.437592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.184132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.531669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.408234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           8019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                8019                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10615                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse           15898.888211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                173583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               26658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                6.511479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  5575.004804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   691.963706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2772.126889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst  1082.853255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data  5776.939558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.340271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.042234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.169197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.066092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.352596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.970391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         4075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979187                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              289912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             289912                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2897                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2898                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2757                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2762                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               6281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2897                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         3378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              6281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1649                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1650                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3260                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          126                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4548                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6016                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6022                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.910351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.910351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.362736                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.362797                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.541722                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.541348                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.362736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.641024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.362736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.739010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.641024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           6540                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                6540                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             11801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         9637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side        23212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        34735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         5791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total         5805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 40540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward0.cpu_side       905216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1212136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       170368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward0.mem_side::total       170424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1382560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           43925                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            69018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.623345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.484551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25996     37.67%     37.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  43022     62.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              69018                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              9381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        26957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side         5990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        22430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total        22430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 55377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       962432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_downward1.cpu_side       170872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1133304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       904256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_upward1.mem_side::total       904256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                2037560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           10990                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            49402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.221469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.415239                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  38461     77.85%     77.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  10941     22.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              49402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.replacements        12168                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tagsinuse    15.786755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.sampled_refs        12184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.avg_refs     0.001724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12.123786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.592321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.432432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.065406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.572810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.757737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.037020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.152027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.035801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.tag_accesses       146048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.tags.data_accesses       146048                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2931                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_misses::total         6422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_misses::total         6422                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_accesses::total         6422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_accesses::total         6422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward0.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::writebacks         7714                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.writebacks::total         7714                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.replacements         2361                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tagsinuse    14.716960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.total_refs          121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.sampled_refs         2377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.avg_refs     0.050905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.455009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.486298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.765928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.009725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.028438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.467894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.422870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.tag_accesses        28429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.tags.data_accesses        28429                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           42                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total           42                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_misses::total          192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_misses::total         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_misses::total         2627                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           42                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_accesses::total         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_accesses::total         2627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_downward1.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::writebacks           39                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.writebacks::total           39                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_downward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.replacements         2359                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tagsinuse    14.725180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.total_refs          121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.sampled_refs         2375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.avg_refs     0.050947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.127417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     7.823535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.771491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.002736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.007964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.488971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.423218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.tag_accesses        28402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.tags.data_accesses        28402                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks           39                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_hits::total           39                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_misses::total          192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_misses::total         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_misses::total         2627                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks           39                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total           39                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_accesses::total         2627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_accesses::total         2627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward0.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.writebacks::total           35                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward0.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.replacements        12160                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tagsinuse    15.774204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.total_refs           21                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.sampled_refs        12176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.avg_refs     0.001725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11.778417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.595407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     2.855098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.067246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.478036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.736151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.037213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.178444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.004203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.029877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.tag_accesses       145976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.tags.data_accesses       145976                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1951                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2931                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_misses::total         6422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_misses::total         6422                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2931                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_accesses::total         6422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_accesses::total         6422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches_upward1.fast_writes              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.cache_copies             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::writebacks         7707                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.writebacks::total         7707                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches_upward1.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              246644                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               457                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           83474                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             142153                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               66                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          50181                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              388797                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               523                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses          133655                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             443675                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              460                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         444135                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 1628680                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1327886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1327886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1267033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          9362                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              47977                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       151034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1267033                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 9362                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      1709573                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       956775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         6180                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         6103                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               390590                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             248275                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            142315                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      478022.617648                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      1150657.382352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.706497                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.293503                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   212853                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        28413      2.14%      2.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           870834     65.55%     67.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult            1965      0.15%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           2975      0.22%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     68.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt           1718      0.13%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     68.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            587      0.04%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          259559     19.54%     87.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         142615     10.74%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         19753      1.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1328421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23801                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               329                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13855                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               35                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            872                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37656                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2698                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23382                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23507                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                 1901505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             135729                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               135729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       130387                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2731                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        16028                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              130387                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       173052                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        99317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38767                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24690                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             14077                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      1763779.555712                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      137725.444288                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.072430                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.927570                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19804                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2824      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86914     63.85%     65.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              83      0.06%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25740     18.91%     84.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          14087     10.35%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6439      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            136114                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               85143                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34065                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              90057                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15517                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              175200                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49582                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             162180                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162332                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                 2048806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             464055                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               464055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       446856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8947                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47812                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              446856                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       642832                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       304622                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               176314                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              85982                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             90332                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1542646.813926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      506159.186074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.247051                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.752949                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    59743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9766      2.10%      2.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           265000     57.05%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             540      0.12%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.25%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           88283     19.00%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          90399     19.46%     98.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9150      1.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            464537                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                 429                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                246                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 675                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                301                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses            301                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                 1901214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts               1928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                 1928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses         1838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 80                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts          144                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                1838                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads         2463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes         1434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  677                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                429                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts               248                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      1899267.241351                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles       1946.758649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001024                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998976                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                      263                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            9      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu             1124     58.30%     58.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               5      0.26%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead             448     23.24%     82.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite            248     12.86%     95.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            94      4.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total              1928                       # Class of executed instruction
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6906                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7753                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2531                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          314                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          114                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          364                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2146                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2143                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         6906                       # Transaction distribution
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side        23204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total        23204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side         5987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total         5987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_count::total              29191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward1.cpu_side       904704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward0.mem_side::total       904704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::system.numa_caches_upward0.cpu_side       170680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size_system.numa_caches_downward1.mem_side::total       170680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.pkt_size::total             1075384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.system_bus.snoops                        40386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::samples         59205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::mean         1.666059                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::stdev        0.471623                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::0                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::1               19771     33.39%     33.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::2               39434     66.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.system_bus.snoop_fanout::total           59205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
