
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.509206                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                509206448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2969461217500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 199111                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   199111                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114968249                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1053332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4429.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   881883004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     881883004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     31082816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          31082816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7965696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        7965696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       485669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             485669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       124464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            124464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     61041678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             61041678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     15643353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            15643353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76685031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            76685031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     485669                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    124464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   485669                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  124464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              28906304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                2176512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                7508416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               31082816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             7965696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 34008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                 7120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            15866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            47678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            26358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            33582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            51937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            42920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            14424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             7656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             8787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           39396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           46497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           60451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           18562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           12335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             4849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            14177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            17367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             5200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             9401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             5280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            10264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            5374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            8414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            4605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 509205643500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               485669                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              124464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 432546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  17266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   1647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  6149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  6183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  6443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  6561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  6566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  6567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  6576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  6569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  6565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  6566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  6571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  6573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  6572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  6572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  6584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  6572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  6566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  6565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       214360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.876171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.743239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.987418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       110880     51.73%     51.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52764     24.61%     76.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23159     10.80%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13875      6.47%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6587      3.07%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3596      1.68%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1573      0.73%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          893      0.42%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1033      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       214360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     68.854551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    60.098495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          2159     32.92%     32.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         2213     33.74%     66.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          685     10.44%     77.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          309      4.71%     81.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          403      6.14%     87.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          480      7.32%     95.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          198      3.02%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           67      1.02%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           15      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            9      0.14%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            7      0.11%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            4      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         6559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.886721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.879858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.479662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             381      5.81%      5.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              24      0.37%      6.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            6112     93.18%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              41      0.63%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         6559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5018823000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13487466750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                2258305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11111.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29861.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       56.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       14.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    61.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    15.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  270035                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  84584                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                59.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               72.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    834581.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               876324960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               478153500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1875276000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             418912560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        189569473110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        139234242750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          365711189760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           718.199714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 230449906500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 261752352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               744236640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               406081500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1647672000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             341314560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        146730999420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        176811851250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          359940962250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           706.867888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 293265639250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 198936318250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     27134912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          27134912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7168256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7168256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       423983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             423983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       112004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            112004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     53288626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             53288626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     14077308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            14077308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     67365934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            67365934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     423983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    112004                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   423983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  112004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              25249728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                1885184                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                6730624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               27134912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7168256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 29456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                 6823                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            41384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            26340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            34408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            42012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            35375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            16180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             8710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            10733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           10749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           38890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           41271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           43916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             8204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            10955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            13140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             8623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             4919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            5793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            4397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            8756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            4124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 509079406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               423983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              112004                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 379704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  13300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  5524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  5557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  5778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  5880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  5889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  5887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  5889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  5885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  5884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  5888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  5888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  5888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  5885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  5888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  5894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  5885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  5881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  5882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       193698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   165.104193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.579763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.761777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       100487     51.88%     51.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        50116     25.87%     77.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20978     10.83%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10546      5.44%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5380      2.78%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3233      1.67%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1257      0.65%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          717      0.37%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          984      0.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       193698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     67.130679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    59.857969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          2154     36.65%     36.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         1742     29.64%     66.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          518      8.81%     75.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          405      6.89%     82.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          498      8.47%     90.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          351      5.97%     96.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          120      2.04%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           40      0.68%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           20      0.34%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           10      0.17%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.10%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            4      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         5877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.894504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.887885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.471912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             319      5.43%      5.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              32      0.54%      5.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            5482     93.28%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              40      0.68%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         5877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4468522750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            11865904000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1972635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11326.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30076.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       49.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       13.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    53.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    14.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  229983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  76012                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                58.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    949798.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               796665240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               434688375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1679940600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             370584720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        179218163385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        148314339000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          364073188200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           714.982935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 245625900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 246576057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               667691640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               364315875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1397370000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             310890960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        139155737895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        183456817500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          358611630750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           704.257288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 304372799750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 187829157750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     29772992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          29772992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7518272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7518272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       465203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             465203                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       117473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            117473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     58469393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             58469393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     14764683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            14764683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     73234077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            73234077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     465203                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    117473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   465203                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  117473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              27723648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                2049344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7063296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               29772992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7518272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 32021                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                 7082                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            14515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            41485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            26690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            29796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            53315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            15122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             6710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             8325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            9292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           36621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           51253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           58537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            9697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             4791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            13614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             8524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             4913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            6819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            4668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            8583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            8955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            4087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 509206234500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               465203                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              117473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 416834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  15259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  5758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  5794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  6037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  6170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  6187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  6187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  6187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  6189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  6184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  6190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  6183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  6188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  6186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  6188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  6202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  6182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  6174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  6177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       194129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   179.193670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.179835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.370040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        95494     49.19%     49.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        49304     25.40%     74.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21853     11.26%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12978      6.69%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6905      3.56%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3884      2.00%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1639      0.84%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          910      0.47%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1162      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       194129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     70.165722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    65.975972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          2172     35.19%     35.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         2052     33.24%     68.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          508      8.23%     76.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          223      3.61%     80.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          323      5.23%     85.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          478      7.74%     93.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          261      4.23%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           93      1.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           29      0.47%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            9      0.15%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.06%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            6      0.10%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            6      0.10%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         6173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.878503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.871235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.493785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             380      6.16%      6.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              30      0.49%      6.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            5726     92.76%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              34      0.55%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         6173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  4626539250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            12748701750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                2165910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10680.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29430.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       54.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       13.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    58.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    14.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  268041                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  81372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               73.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    873909.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   64.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               765578520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               417726375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1777042800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             377110080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        183556158930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        144509079750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          364661503335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           716.138294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 239289605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 252912870750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               702036720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               383055750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1601745600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             338048640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        142912580535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        180161341500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          359357615625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           705.722286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 298867162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 193335433250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     28578496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          28578496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7237888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7237888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       446539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             446539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       113092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            113092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     56123594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             56123594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     14214054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            14214054                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70337648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            70337648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     446539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    113092                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   446539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  113092                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              26797888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                1780608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                6766208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               28578496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7237888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 27822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                 7355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            17598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            45352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            27583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            36517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            46846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            34617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            19244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             6221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             8275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           10553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           39571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           45490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           43575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           12668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           12164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             5302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             9393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             8429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             9787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            5739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            4478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            8243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            6754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 509206369000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               446539                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              113092                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 400423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  15923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                    445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  5523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  5560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  5798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  5899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  5927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  5924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  5921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  5920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  5920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  5915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  5928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  5920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  5920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  5929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  5934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  5918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  5921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  5921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       203826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.670022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.286520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.060856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       105741     51.88%     51.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        53323     26.16%     78.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        20719     10.17%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11818      5.80%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5997      2.94%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3277      1.61%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1258      0.62%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          720      0.35%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          973      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       203826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     70.848731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    66.182539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          2176     36.82%     36.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-63         1744     29.51%     66.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-95          532      9.00%     75.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          274      4.64%     79.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          338      5.72%     85.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          484      8.19%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          201      3.40%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           76      1.29%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           40      0.68%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           17      0.29%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            9      0.15%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      0.12%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            7      0.12%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            3      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::992-1023            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         5910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.888663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.881204                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.502278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             354      5.99%      5.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              28      0.47%      6.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            5463     92.44%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              58      0.98%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.05%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         5910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  4762396250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12613340000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                2093585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    11373.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               30123.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       52.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       13.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    56.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    14.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  244042                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  76570                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                58.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    909896.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               857319120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               467783250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1825020600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             373215600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        187741285605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        140837916000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          365361347055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           717.512678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 233146850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 259056049250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               683605440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               372999000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1440964200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             311862960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         33258806880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        140958675540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        181875293250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          358902207270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           704.827935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 301730452000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17003480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 190471505500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    38657098                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    144793                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                38444980                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   13536266                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6541                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               13347093                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    52193364                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                    151334                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                51792073                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  207919628                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       32                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              207919660                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5938576826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  209121809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    209121809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            141794969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              92016939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1332429                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     15377177                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   141794969                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     92016939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          297167499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          94930775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           131261469                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           80375814                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     52365287                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   38821495                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  13543792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2101978571.553783                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3836598254.446217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.646047                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.353953                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         18672443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2114534      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 78036136     37.29%     38.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 5580421      2.67%     40.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     40.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               38274162     18.29%     59.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                 481571      0.23%     59.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                6366637      3.04%     62.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult              23262702     11.12%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 904956      0.43%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                303182      0.14%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                38833016     18.56%     92.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               13545031      6.47%     99.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess               1570795      0.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 209273143                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     264                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    164926                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                    2856     25.98%     25.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    521      4.74%     30.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     76      0.69%     31.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                   7541     68.59%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               10994                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                     2856     45.82%     45.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     521      8.36%     54.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      76      1.22%     55.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                    2780     44.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 6233                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            502178980500     98.65%     98.65% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              646446500      0.13%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               97505500      0.02%     98.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             6110588500      1.20%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        509033521000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.368651                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.566946                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   40      0.31%      0.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                  116      0.89%      1.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9388     72.42%     73.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1045      8.06%     81.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    1009      7.78%     89.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 401      3.09%     92.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique                964      7.44%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 12963                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                742                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                742                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                  742                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.660730                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.795710                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      189909043000     37.21%     37.21% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        320468899000     62.79%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                     116                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    38464235                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    143361                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                38060347                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   13377996                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     6296                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               13211121                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    51842231                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                    149657                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                51271468                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  205805997                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       32                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              205806029                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5938572425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  207330326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    207330326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            140670890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              91109927                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    1301551                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15453402                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   140670890                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     91109927                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          294443451                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          94078933                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           129984080                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           79586767                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     52012091                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   38626751                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13385340                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2145774608.748777                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              3792797816.251223                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.638672                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.361328                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         18697625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              2086361      1.01%      1.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 77380144     37.30%     38.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 5521148      2.66%     40.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     40.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               37901383     18.27%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                 467639      0.23%     59.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                6304870      3.04%     62.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult              23045873     11.11%     73.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 896400      0.43%     74.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                299963      0.14%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                38635591     18.62%     92.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13385644      6.45%     99.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess               1554967      0.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 207479983                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                     272                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    163066                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                    3089     29.45%     29.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    521      4.97%     34.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     90      0.86%     35.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                   6788     64.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               10488                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                     3089     46.02%     46.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     521      7.76%     53.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      90      1.34%     55.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                    3013     44.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                 6713                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            503155744500     98.85%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              624140500      0.12%     98.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              113806000      0.02%     98.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             5137918500      1.01%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        509031609500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.443872                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.640065                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1    100.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     1                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   63      0.49%      0.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                  127      0.99%      1.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                 8619     67.48%     68.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1042      8.16%     77.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    1265      9.90%     87.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 661      5.17%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                996      7.80%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 12773                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1037                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                989                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                355                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               1027                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  989                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   38                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.990357                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.107042                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.862663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        6696020000      1.31%      1.31% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        317012705500     62.11%     63.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        186695509000     36.58%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                     127                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    42692727                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    128466                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                41932607                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   14179321                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     8723                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses               13840375                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    56872048                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                    137189                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                55772982                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  225761733                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      335                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              225762068                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5938922435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  228821750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    228821750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            156956654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              99219830                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    1957985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16106001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   156956654                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     99219830                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          324754205                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         104739177                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           136104373                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           87390320                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     57032331                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   42843190                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  14189141                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1775266695.452370                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4163655739.547630                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.701079                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.298921                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         20020220                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2973191      1.30%      1.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 86894404     37.95%     39.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                 4834679      2.11%     41.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     41.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               41336888     18.05%     59.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                 808066      0.35%     59.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                8784277      3.84%     63.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult              23778731     10.39%     73.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                 784808      0.34%     74.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                259986      0.11%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                42871052     18.72%     93.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               14189594      6.20%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess               1443263      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 228958939                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     208                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    154405                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    3820     31.70%     31.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.03%     31.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    521      4.32%     36.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                     58      0.48%     36.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   7649     63.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               12052                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     3816     46.62%     46.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.05%     46.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     521      6.37%     53.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                      58      0.71%     53.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    3786     46.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 8185                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            503329892000     98.88%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4889500      0.00%     98.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22              639439500      0.13%     99.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30               60233000      0.01%     99.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             4999714500      0.98%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        509034168500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.998953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.494967                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.679140                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.56%      0.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                       154     87.01%     87.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         2      1.13%     88.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         4      2.26%     90.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4      2.26%     93.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        4      2.26%     95.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4      2.26%     97.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        4      2.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   177                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  126      0.77%      0.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  135      0.83%      1.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.01%      1.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 9888     60.62%     62.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1093      6.70%     68.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    1594      9.77%     78.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 901      5.52%     84.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.01%     84.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               2572     15.77%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 16311                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1729                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               1378                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               1378                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 1378                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.796992                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.887029                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      164755350000     32.37%     32.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        344278817500     67.63%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     135                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    46322210                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    119061                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                45540952                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   14949822                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                     7342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses               14132641                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    61272032                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                    126403                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                59673593                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  231795084                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      252                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              231795336                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5938589185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  236609119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    236609119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            164125870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             104314744                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    1152439                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     15351884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   164125870                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    104314744                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          336943593                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         107786408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           136092265                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           93098049                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     61418631                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   46460158                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  14958473                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1545287874.357919                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4393301310.642081                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.739789                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.260211                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         18134956                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              2061897      0.87%      0.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 86375147     36.49%     37.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 4511631      1.91%     39.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     39.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               43333990     18.30%     57.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                 331749      0.14%     57.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt               12176319      5.14%     62.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult              24154905     10.20%     73.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 734657      0.31%     73.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                243909      0.10%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                46500941     19.64%     93.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               14959185      6.32%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess               1351192      0.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 236735522                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     242                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                    147882                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                    5561     36.18%     36.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    522      3.40%     39.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                    130      0.85%     40.42% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                   9159     59.58%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               15372                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                     5557     47.55%     47.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     522      4.47%     52.02% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                     130      1.11%     53.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                    5478     46.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                11687                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            502423073000     98.70%     98.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22              638560000      0.13%     98.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              168311500      0.03%     98.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             5810050500      1.14%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        509039995000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.999281                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.598100                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.760278                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.24%      0.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::3                       154     37.47%     37.71% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::4                       226     54.99%     92.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         5      1.22%     93.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                        8      1.95%     95.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::45                        5      1.22%     97.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        6      1.46%     98.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        6      1.46%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   411                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   80      0.39%      0.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                  201      0.98%      1.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.00%      1.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                12968     62.95%     64.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1519      7.37%     71.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    1778      8.63%     80.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 869      4.22%     84.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.00%     84.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               3184     15.46%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 20601                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1979                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               1521                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               1521                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 1521                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.768570                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.869143                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      344511099000     49.11%     49.11% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        357001871500     50.89%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                     201                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         16                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  310                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 310                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5455                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    22211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              456500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              169500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy             1406500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              787500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              938500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               36257747                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 11.086023                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                10.117478                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 5.155451                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5575754     15.38%     15.38% |    25487224     70.29%     85.67% |     4193206     11.56%     97.24% |      385013      1.06%     98.30% |      616068      1.70%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 36257747                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1104702526                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1104702526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1104702526                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1104702525                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.512105                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.034324                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              7.812244                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1102779355     99.83%     99.83% |     1868728      0.17%    100.00% |       10190      0.00%    100.00% |       12638      0.00%    100.00% |       21995      0.00%    100.00% |        9569      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1104702525                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1094785330                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1094785330    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1094785330                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        9917195                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         58.044760                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        42.918306                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        59.779008                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     7994025     80.61%     80.61% |     1868728     18.84%     99.45% |       10190      0.10%     99.55% |       12638      0.13%     99.68% |       21995      0.22%     99.90% |        9569      0.10%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          9917195                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     50089790                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2122158                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     52211948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    208855014                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       418129                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    209273143                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     49747824                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2112678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     51860502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    207072742                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses       407241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    207479983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     54865145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2027616                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     56892761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    228567094                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses       391845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    228958939                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     59259909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      2029818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     61289727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits    236327812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       407710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses    236735522                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      7048162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      2869033                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9917195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           184                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads     93089818                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes     93089818                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity     94047130                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity     93089818                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity     39719689                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity     39677382                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity     93089818                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads     38702708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes     38702708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity     38737683                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity     38702708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity     14692652                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity     14692276                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity     38702708                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads     32428184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes     32428184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity     32613423                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity     32428184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity     15333440                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity     15326140                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity     32428184                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads     24140350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes     24140350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity     24166548                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity     24140350                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10165228                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10164958                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity     24140350                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    16630570     17.67%     17.67% |    71322019     75.79%     93.46% |     6157799      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     94110388                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    16630570     17.67%     17.67% |    71322019     75.79%     93.46% |     6157799      6.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     94110388                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   188161856                       |   780306266                       |    53466328                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    33268844                       |   118601613                       |     6342156                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   11.314216                       |   10.940608                       |    8.682701                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.000463                       |    1.662903                       |    1.029939                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.858891                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.681139                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         12.540030                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.277364                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.012403      4.47%      4.47% |    0.012388      4.47%      8.94% |    0.012402      4.47%     13.41% |    0.012397      4.47%     17.88% |    0.051731     18.65%     36.53% |    0.053145     19.16%     55.69% |    0.051733     18.65%     74.34% |    0.053134     19.16%     93.50% |    0.004512      1.63%     95.13% |    0.004509      1.63%     96.75% |    0.004507      1.62%     98.38% |    0.004503      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.277364                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      14416819                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         9.531818                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        8.502038                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        6.052728                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3395026     23.55%     23.55% |    10213972     70.85%     94.40% |        2349      0.02%     94.41% |      189405      1.31%     95.73% |      615585      4.27%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        14416819                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      18514460                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        12.635783                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.888911                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        4.145517                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1425571      7.70%      7.70% |     7003937     37.83%     45.53% |     5747497     31.04%     76.57% |     3601216     19.45%     96.02% |      540429      2.92%     98.94% |      167202      0.90%     99.85% |       28126      0.15%    100.00% |         478      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        18514460                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       3326468                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         9.196251                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.760033                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.804701                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      755157     22.70%     22.70% |     1917926     57.66%     80.36% |      603892     18.15%     98.51% |       45378      1.36%     99.88% |        3834      0.12%     99.99% |         264      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         3326468                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        166167397                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            3.271643                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.181191                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          15.446098                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   165025974     99.31%     99.31% |     1107805      0.67%     99.98% |        7009      0.00%     99.98% |        8840      0.01%     99.99% |       12130      0.01%    100.00% |        5622      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          166167397                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    158614145                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   158614145    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      158614145                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      7553252                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      50.974910                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     38.994705                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     53.522947                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     6411829     84.89%     84.89% |     1107805     14.67%     99.55% |        7009      0.09%     99.65% |        8840      0.12%     99.76% |       12130      0.16%     99.93% |        5622      0.07%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       7553252                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         55993596                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            2.164003                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.056082                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          13.334455                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    55705566     99.49%     99.49% |      279521      0.50%     99.98% |         769      0.00%     99.99% |        1376      0.00%     99.99% |        4873      0.01%    100.00% |        1478      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           55993596                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     55268437                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55268437    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       55268437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       725159                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean      90.879236                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     67.581118                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     75.867521                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      437129     60.28%     60.28% |      279521     38.55%     98.83% |         769      0.11%     98.93% |        1376      0.19%     99.12% |        4873      0.67%     99.79% |        1478      0.20%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        725159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    882447587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.138534                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.007395                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       4.398293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   881955900     99.94%     99.94% |      479424      0.05%    100.00% |        2394      0.00%    100.00% |        2418      0.00%    100.00% |        4972      0.00%    100.00% |        2459      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      882447587                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    880822662                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   880822662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    880822662                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples      1624925                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    54.665691                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.685033                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |     1133238     69.74%     69.74% |      479424     29.50%     99.25% |        2394      0.15%     99.39% |        2418      0.15%     99.54% |        4972      0.31%     99.85% |        2459      0.15%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total      1624925                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples        48206                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean    18.080882                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     3.047504                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    39.438450                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |       46176     95.79%     95.79% |        1978      4.10%     99.89% |          18      0.04%     99.93% |           4      0.01%     99.94% |          20      0.04%     99.98% |          10      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total        48206                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples        34389                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       34389    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total        34389                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples        13817                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean    60.593327                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean    48.800963                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    53.788743                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |       11787     85.31%     85.31% |        1978     14.32%     99.62% |          18      0.13%     99.75% |           4      0.03%     99.78% |          20      0.14%     99.93% |          10      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total        13817                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples        45739                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.039550                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.003459                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     1.345295                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |       45697     99.91%     99.91% |           2      0.00%     99.91% |          28      0.06%     99.97% |          10      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total        45739                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples        45697                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       45697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total        45697                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples           42                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean    44.071429                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    42.972520                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev    10.968676                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      4.76%      4.76% |          28     66.67%     71.43% |          10     23.81%     95.24% |           1      2.38%     97.62% |           1      2.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total           42                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      485667     26.66%     26.66% |      423983     23.28%     49.94% |      465203     25.54%     75.48% |      446539     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1821392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      123984     26.66%     26.66% |      111524     23.98%     50.63% |      116993     25.15%     75.79% |      112612     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       465113                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      485669     26.66%     26.66% |      423983     23.28%     49.94% |      465203     25.54%     75.48% |      446539     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1821394                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      124464     26.65%     26.65% |      112004     23.98%     50.63% |      117473     25.15%     75.79% |      113092     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       467033                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         480     25.00%     25.00% |         480     25.00%     50.00% |         480     25.00%     75.00% |         480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      360659     26.67%     26.67% |      311435     23.03%     49.70% |      347186     25.68%     75.38% |      332904     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1352184                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      485667     26.66%     26.66% |      423983     23.28%     49.94% |      465203     25.54%     75.48% |      446539     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1821392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         480     25.00%     25.00% |         480     25.00%     50.00% |         480     25.00%     75.00% |         480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         1920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         480     25.00%     25.00% |         480     25.00%     50.00% |         480     25.00%     75.00% |         480     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         1920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      123980     26.66%     26.66% |      111524     23.98%     50.63% |      116993     25.15%     75.79% |      112612     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       465109                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      360659     26.67%     26.67% |      311435     23.03%     49.70% |      347186     25.68%     75.38% |      332904     24.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1352184                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      485667     26.66%     26.66% |      423983     23.28%     49.94% |      465203     25.54%     75.48% |      446539     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1821392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      123980     26.66%     26.66% |      111524     23.98%     50.63% |      116993     25.15%     75.79% |      112612     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       465109                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1920    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1920                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1920    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1920                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1920    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1920                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1920    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    38669710     23.27%     23.27% |    38477277     23.16%     46.43% |    42701950     25.70%     72.13% |    46318492     27.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    166167429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   209273143     23.72%     23.72% |   207479983     23.51%     47.23% |   228958939     25.95%     73.17% |   236735522     26.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    882447587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    13542366     24.14%     24.14% |    13383231     23.86%     48.01% |    14190832     25.30%     73.31% |    14971250     26.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     56087679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |      704363     25.63%     25.63% |      705788     25.69%     51.32% |      683106     24.86%     76.18% |      654415     23.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total      2747672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     2386398     25.62%     25.62% |     2367441     25.41%     51.03% |     2274120     24.41%     75.44% |     2287548     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9315507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        9505     26.26%     26.26% |        8855     24.47%     50.73% |        6669     18.43%     69.16% |       11160     30.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        36189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |      218904     40.34%     40.34% |      133741     24.65%     64.99% |      123744     22.81%     87.80% |       66218     12.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       542607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1426     17.41%     17.41% |        1687     20.60%     38.01% |         274      3.35%     41.36% |        4802     58.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         8189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      451110     29.11%     29.11% |      352732     22.76%     51.87% |      388449     25.07%     76.94% |      357415     23.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1549706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |       96797     17.84%     17.84% |      158155     29.15%     46.99% |      137405     25.32%     72.31% |      150250     27.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       542607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1982460     25.45%     25.45% |     1999831     25.67%     51.13% |     1887465     24.23%     75.36% |     1919284     24.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      7789040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       10952     32.40%     32.40% |        8753     25.89%     58.29% |        6963     20.60%     78.89% |        7135     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        33803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9920     27.68%     27.68% |        9201     25.67%     53.35% |        6142     17.14%     70.48% |       10579     29.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        35842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      345560     20.71%     20.71% |      340868     20.43%     41.15% |      448273     26.87%     68.02% |      533592     31.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1668293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     1971153     26.35%     26.35% |     1954595     26.13%     52.48% |     1809417     24.19%     76.68% |     1744658     23.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      7479823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      296284     25.60%     25.60% |      289126     24.98%     50.59% |      277337     23.96%     74.55% |      294512     25.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      1157259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      119980     17.58%     17.58% |      124726     18.27%     35.85% |      188389     27.60%     63.46% |      249402     36.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       682497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |      515388     25.69%     25.69% |      523323     26.09%     51.79% |      501995     25.03%     76.81% |      465099     23.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total      2005805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       18493     25.18%     25.18% |       17056     23.23%     48.41% |       15905     21.66%     70.07% |       21975     29.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        73429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      121845     26.05%     26.05% |      118115     25.26%     51.31% |      114508     24.48%     75.80% |      113198     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       467666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3976     14.19%     14.19% |        8373     29.89%     44.08% |        7771     27.74%     71.82% |        7895     28.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        28015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |       53058     25.99%     25.99% |       46128     22.59%     48.58% |       48517     23.76%     72.35% |       56455     27.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       204158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    17064773     26.78%     26.78% |    17243059     27.06%     53.84% |    15001374     23.54%     77.39% |    14409832     22.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     63719038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   208855014     23.71%     23.71% |   207072742     23.51%     47.22% |   228567094     25.95%     73.17% |   236327812     26.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    880822662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8556     30.01%     30.01% |        7928     27.81%     57.83% |        6134     21.52%     79.34% |        5888     20.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        28506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |      178688     25.63%     25.63% |      170979     24.53%     50.16% |      168384     24.15%     74.31% |      179109     25.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       697160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |     1987780     26.71%     26.71% |     1980445     26.61%     53.31% |     1777330     23.88%     77.19% |     1697501     22.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      7443056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1100908      4.40%      4.40% |      989161      3.95%      8.35% |     8340767     33.32%     41.67% |    14601405     58.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     25032241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       44904     27.37%     27.37% |       35320     21.53%     48.90% |       38768     23.63%     72.53% |       45057     27.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       164049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4884     31.99%     31.99% |        3477     22.77%     54.76% |        2839     18.59%     73.35% |        4069     26.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        15269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      188714     21.87%     21.87% |      192716     22.33%     44.21% |      231556     26.84%     71.04% |      249866     28.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       862852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          10      0.53%      0.53% |          60      3.16%      3.68% |         770     40.50%     44.19% |        1061     55.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |      212577     42.06%     42.06% |      121145     23.97%     66.04% |      114305     22.62%     88.65% |       57344     11.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total       505371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    18514372     26.50%     26.50% |    18273400     26.16%     52.66% |    17534476     25.10%     77.76% |    15540618     22.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     69862866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13364833     24.22%     24.22% |    13206884     23.93%     48.15% |    13949760     25.28%     73.43% |    14662997     26.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     55184474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        4691     18.22%     18.22% |        6750     26.22%     44.44% |        8833     34.31%     78.76% |        5468     21.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        25742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      156846     19.47%     19.47% |      148152     18.39%     37.87% |      216717     26.91%     64.77% |      283726     35.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       805441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        9495     27.69%     27.69% |        8795     25.65%     53.34% |        5899     17.20%     70.55% |       10099     29.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        34288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        6324     16.99%     16.99% |       12594     33.83%     50.82% |        9438     25.35%     76.17% |        8872     23.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        37228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           9      5.62%      5.62% |          23     14.37%     20.00% |          37     23.12%     43.12% |          91     56.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      451106     29.11%     29.11% |      352732     22.76%     51.87% |      388449     25.07%     76.94% |      357409     23.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1549696                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |       96797     17.84%     17.84% |      158155     29.15%     46.99% |      137404     25.32%     72.31% |      150250     27.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       542606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |     1859863     26.25%     26.25% |     1867982     26.36%     52.61% |     1691277     23.87%     76.48% |     1666593     23.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      7085715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1426     17.41%     17.41% |        1687     20.60%     38.01% |         274      3.35%     41.36% |        4802     58.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      122592     17.43%     17.43% |      131826     18.75%     36.18% |      196152     27.90%     64.08% |      252606     35.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       703176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |          47      6.37%      6.37% |          77     10.43%     16.80% |          22      2.98%     19.78% |         592     80.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total          738                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |          62      7.27%      7.27% |         414     48.53%     55.80% |         266     31.18%     86.99% |         111     13.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total          853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       10905     32.98%     32.98% |        8676     26.24%     59.22% |        6941     20.99%     80.21% |        6543     19.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        33065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9920     27.68%     27.68% |        9201     25.67%     53.35% |        6142     17.14%     70.48% |       10579     29.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        35842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           4     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           6     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.DataS_fromL1::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           5      3.36%      3.36% |          23     15.44%     18.79% |          36     24.16%     42.95% |          85     57.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          11     34.38%     34.38% |           6     18.75%     53.12% |          11     34.38%     87.50% |           4     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         117     84.78%     84.78% |           0      0.00%     84.78% |          10      7.25%     92.03% |          11      7.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |         641     23.90%     23.90% |         822     30.65%     54.55% |         751     28.00%     82.55% |         468     17.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total         2682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      344916     20.71%     20.71% |      340044     20.42%     41.12% |      447521     26.87%     67.99% |      533122     32.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1665603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |         644     23.94%     23.94% |         824     30.63%     54.57% |         752     27.96%     82.53% |         470     17.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         2690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      1625388      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        7580311      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         720006      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        29101      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1665617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old         4851      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       443303      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      1373990      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       1821392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        1817297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          65132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean       505899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack            1797643      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all         879613      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock         542607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      2288724      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR       279236      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1149606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       392550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old         2169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       986223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      5271244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         8864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        27653      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         3383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean       860961      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       480416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       273762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       433051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean       476205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS       542607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX        36189      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      1665603      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         6869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        36824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR          254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS          460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX         3082      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old          513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      1817297      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old          523      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         6093      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS           78      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old         1646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        21806      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          512      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        14506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR          209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack        1793767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all       860961      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           3876      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         3383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS        80316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      1069290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR       359466      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS        29063      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data       359552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX          335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       392550      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS         1919      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX          857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE          853      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        36517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS        13234      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX         4112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      2252207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS         8756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX          134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        37098      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean       504386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock         1123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data          135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean          988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS         2587      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE          211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock       541484      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4241134000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2973702351500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               83098477                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 83098363                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              398858296                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1063816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   883599123                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     883599123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       458432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            458432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       187328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         187328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    108091845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            108091845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44169319                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            44169319                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    152261164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           152261164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       7163                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      2927                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     7163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2927                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                455360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 186944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 458432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              187328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                   4241789000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 7163                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                2927                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   6994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     92                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         4164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.021134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.449698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.574540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2411     57.90%     57.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1012     24.30%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          343      8.24%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          163      3.91%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      1.80%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.15%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      1.08%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.38%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         4164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.828221                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.313443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.965724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            7      4.29%      4.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            8      4.91%      9.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           11      6.75%     15.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18     11.04%     26.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           19     11.66%     38.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           23     14.11%     52.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           18     11.04%     63.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            9      5.52%     69.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      3.68%     73.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            8      4.91%     77.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            5      3.07%     80.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            8      4.91%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            3      1.84%     87.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      2.45%     90.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      2.45%     92.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      1.84%     94.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.61%     95.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      1.23%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      1.84%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.61%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::116-119            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.920245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.916226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.368205                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               5      3.07%      3.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      1.84%      4.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             155     95.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    76807250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              210213500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  35575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10795.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29545.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      107.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       44.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   108.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    44.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    4168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1696                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               57.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    420395.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               891611280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               486494250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1898044200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             426105360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        191299375800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        140258224500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          368795318910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           718.281566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1691574500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2402497500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               760369680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               414884250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1680268200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             352933200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        148964305590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        177394251000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          363102475440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           707.193941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    956235250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3138684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       451968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            451968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       181888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         181888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               7062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    106567725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            106567725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42886643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            42886643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    149454368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           149454368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       7062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2842                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     7062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                449216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 181248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 451968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              181888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    43                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                   4367322000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 7062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2842                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   6913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.869985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.058960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.940246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2175     55.23%     55.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1034     26.26%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          315      8.00%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          176      4.47%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           75      1.90%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.32%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.96%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.51%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.354430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    41.107024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.003919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            5      3.16%      3.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            6      3.80%      6.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            9      5.70%     12.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           17     10.76%     23.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           22     13.92%     37.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           19     12.03%     49.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16     10.13%     59.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           13      8.23%     67.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      5.70%     73.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            5      3.16%     76.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            4      2.53%     79.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            6      3.80%     82.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            9      5.70%     88.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            2      1.27%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      2.53%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      2.53%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      1.27%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            2      1.27%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            3      1.90%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.924051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.919670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.383486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               6      3.80%      3.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             152     96.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    72733500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              204339750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  35095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10362.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29112.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      105.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       42.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   106.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    42.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    4230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               58.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    440965.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               810983880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               442501125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1702272000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             377589600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        180903506040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        149377408500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          367149724665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           715.076537                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1757707250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2337700250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               683068680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               372706125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1429677600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             322120800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        141378299280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        184048642500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          361769978505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           704.598712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    971626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3122825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       445632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            445632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       180352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         180352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         6963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               6963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         2818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              2818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    105073785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            105073785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42524476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            42524476                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    147598260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           147598260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       6963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      2818                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     6963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    2818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                442688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   2944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 180352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 445632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              180352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    46                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                   4241201000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 6963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                2818                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   6835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.429429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.061916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.339096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2110     55.05%     55.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1000     26.09%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          307      8.01%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      4.38%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      2.11%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      1.33%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      1.12%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.44%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     44.286624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.772443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.922260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-23           13      8.28%      8.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           29     18.47%     26.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-39           35     22.29%     49.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-47           25     15.92%     64.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           19     12.10%     77.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           11      7.01%     84.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           12      7.64%     91.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::72-79            5      3.18%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-87            2      1.27%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-95            3      1.91%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            2      1.27%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.949045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.946066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.316150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      2.55%      2.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             153     97.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    69773250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              199467000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  34585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10087.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28837.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      104.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       42.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   105.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    42.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    4176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1723                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    433616.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               779352840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               425242125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             1798906200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             383933520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        185271792525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        145545578250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          367740268980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           716.226706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1712471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2381545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               717194520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               391326375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             1633749000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             349369200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        145093865940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        180789373500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          362510342055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           706.040676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1032115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3062250250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       453952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            453952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       186368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         186368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         2912                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              2912                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    107035524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            107035524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43942964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            43942964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    150978488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           150978488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       7093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      2912                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     7093                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    2912                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                450816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   3136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 185984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 453952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              186368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    49                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                   4240762500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 7093                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                2912                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   6918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         4057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   156.805521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.790321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.666173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2262     55.76%     55.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1081     26.65%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          317      7.81%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          163      4.02%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      1.87%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      1.21%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.94%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.47%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      1.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         4057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     43.444444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    40.157606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.082970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            7      4.32%      4.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            8      4.94%      9.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27           11      6.79%     16.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18     11.11%     27.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           24     14.81%     41.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           13      8.02%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16      9.88%     59.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           10      6.17%     66.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            9      5.56%     71.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           12      7.41%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      4.32%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            5      3.09%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            3      1.85%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      2.47%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            5      3.09%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      1.85%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            3      1.85%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.62%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            2      1.23%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.938272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.934684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.346972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               5      3.09%      3.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             157     96.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    76214750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              208289750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  35220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10819.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29569.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      106.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       43.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   107.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    43.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    4204                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1682                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                59.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               57.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    423864.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               872061120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               475827000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             1847398800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             380544480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        189463529205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        141868616250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          368443440375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           717.596233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1701965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2391804500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               699489000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               381665625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             1473459000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             323248320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         33535463520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        143193482235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        182456376750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          362063184450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           705.169773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    953383250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF    141440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3140910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                       94893                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      93687                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      188580                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     165495                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 165647                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                         8827877                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     512281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       512281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               492459                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      14481                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        51834                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      492459                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             698841                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            340316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       189704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      95738                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     93966                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5173028.674102                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3654848.325898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.414012                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.585988                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            69973                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10093      1.97%      1.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   296909     57.90%     59.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     560      0.11%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.23%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.04%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   99330     19.37%     79.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  94043     18.34%     97.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 10429      2.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    512763                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1562                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     384     45.82%     45.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.36%     46.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.60%     46.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.12%     46.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    445     53.10%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 838                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      382     49.48%     49.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.39%     49.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.65%     50.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     50.65% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     381     49.35%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  772                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4190185500     94.97%     94.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                4666000      0.11%     95.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5718000      0.13%     95.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2175500      0.05%     95.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              209198000      4.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4411943000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.994792                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.856180                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.921241                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.33%      0.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      5.77%      6.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.11%      6.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  721     78.45%     84.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     14      1.52%     86.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.11%     86.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     108     11.75%     98.04% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.63%     99.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.33%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   919                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              160                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.600000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.750973                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        4059964000     91.43%     91.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           380715500      8.57%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                        1897                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                       1019                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                        2916                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                       1243                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                   1243                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                         8725224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                       8417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                         8417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                 8029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        354                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts          652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                        8029                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              10745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes              6301                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                         2922                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                       1897                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      1025                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8585991.023694                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              139232.976306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.015958                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.984042                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                             1190                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                   37      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                     4949     58.80%     59.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      25      0.30%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                    1955     23.23%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   1025     12.18%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                   426      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                      8417                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       103                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      24     25.81%     25.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      5.38%     31.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      1.08%     32.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                     63     67.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                  93                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       24     45.28%     45.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      9.43%     54.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      1.89%     56.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      23     43.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                   53                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4306841000     98.72%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5714500      0.13%     98.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2766000      0.06%     98.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               47225500      1.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4362547000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.365079                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.569892                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                   81     83.51%     83.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     10     10.31%     93.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                       6      6.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                    97                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  6                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      199305                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       336                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  103133                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                     121597                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       27                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  66090                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      320902                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       363                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  169223                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     507946                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      294                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 508240                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                         8375219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1040913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1040913                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1003327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1428                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      28325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       144908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1003327                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1428                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1347092                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            729776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 897                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                839                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       321579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     199876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    121703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3485360.393571                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              4889858.606429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.583848                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.416152                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           180520                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                19650      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   677397     65.05%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1589      0.15%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    325      0.03%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      1      0.00%     67.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                    142      0.01%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     51      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  208072     19.98%     87.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 121989     11.72%     98.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 12071      1.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1041288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      2321                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     732     46.92%     46.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      0.32%     47.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     47.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    822     52.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1560                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      732     49.83%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      0.34%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     50.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     731     49.76%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1469                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0              3918635500     89.88%     89.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5824500      0.13%     90.02% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2369000      0.05%     90.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              432845000      9.93%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4359674000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.889294                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.941667                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      9.09%      9.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      9.09%     18.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         4     36.36%     54.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      9.09%     63.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      9.09%     72.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      9.09%     81.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      9.09%     90.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      9.09%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    11                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.06%      0.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   20      1.22%      1.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.12%      1.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1511     91.80%     93.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                     10      0.61%     93.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.06%     93.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      43      2.61%     96.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  20      1.22%     97.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.30%     98.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 33      2.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                  1646                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel               64                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 38                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 39                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   38                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.609375                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.754902                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1309348500     50.46%     50.46% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          1285481000     49.54%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      20                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       29390                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      18226                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       47616                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       364                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2699                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      24657                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  24782                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                         8708468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     154508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       154508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               148760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       3171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        17352                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      148760                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             198292                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            111917                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        48729                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      30274                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     18455                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7695431.667225                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1013036.332775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.116328                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.883672                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            21780                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 2809      1.81%      1.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    95121     61.41%     63.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     119      0.08%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.02%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   31396     20.27%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  18470     11.92%     95.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  6951      4.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    154893                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       7                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       927                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     138     41.44%     41.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                      5      1.50%     42.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.90%     43.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    187     56.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 333                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      138     48.76%     48.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                       5      1.77%     50.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.06%     51.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     137     48.41%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  283                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0              4252788500     97.67%     97.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                5358000      0.12%     97.80% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                4349000      0.10%     97.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               91614000      2.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total          4354109500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.732620                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.849850                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.24%      0.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     14.15%     14.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      0.98%     15.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  252     61.46%     76.83% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     11      2.68%     79.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      74     18.05%     97.56% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.20%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   410                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              132                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.507576                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.673367                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        2770634000     98.49%     98.49% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            42447500      1.51%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  285                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 285                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          503                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           59                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                      674                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy                69000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               25000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy                7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy               11500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy                9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                 256297                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 10.739139                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                 9.461396                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 6.243449                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |       62609     24.43%     24.43% |      163446     63.77%     88.20% |       14303      5.58%     93.78% |        8320      3.25%     97.03% |        7616      2.97%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                   256297                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples      2278400                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2278400    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total       2278400                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples             2278400                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               3.169245                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.090768                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             18.731790                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |     2251510     98.82%     98.82% |       26344      1.16%     99.98% |          90      0.00%     99.98% |          88      0.00%     99.98% |         232      0.01%     99.99% |         135      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total               2278400                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples         2233866                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2233866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total           2233866                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples          44534                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        111.980554                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        85.194915                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        76.651954                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |       17644     39.62%     39.62% |       26344     59.15%     98.77% |          90      0.20%     98.98% |          88      0.20%     99.17% |         232      0.52%     99.69% |         135      0.30%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total            44534                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       175230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13486                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       188716                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       507024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         5739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       512763                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits         2548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses          362                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         2910                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits         7871                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          546                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses         8417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       308720                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        12431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       321151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1034933                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         6355                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1041288                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        48262                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits       152909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         1984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses       154893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        14094                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        30440                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        44534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads       714840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes       714840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity     94764201                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity     93804658                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity     40031572                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity     39989222                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity     93804658                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads       134973                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes       134973                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity     38872679                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity     38837681                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity     14751033                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity     14750657                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity     38837681                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads       324531                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes       324531                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity     32938954                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity     32752715                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity     15476430                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity     15469099                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity     32752715                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads       123091                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes       123091                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity     24289706                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity     24263441                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10218995                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10218725                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity     24263441                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |      159520     22.22%     22.22% |      513928     71.58%     93.79% |       44571      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total       718019                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |      159520     22.22%     22.22% |      513928     71.58%     93.79% |       44571      6.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total       718019                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |     2112211                       |     5046873                       |      336161                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |      319040                       |      685388                       |       44649                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   13.241042                       |    9.820195                       |    7.542146                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |           2                       |    1.333627                       |    1.001750                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.438784                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.461071                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         11.899855                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization    33.539014                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    1.501647      4.48%      4.48% |    1.500157      4.47%      8.95% |    1.501618      4.48%     13.43% |    1.501142      4.48%     17.90% |    6.254149     18.65%     36.55% |    6.423818     19.15%     55.70% |    6.254432     18.65%     74.35% |    6.422678     19.15%     93.50% |    0.545351      1.63%     95.13% |    0.545023      1.63%     96.75% |    0.544698      1.62%     98.38% |    0.544300      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total      33.539014                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples         97598                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        11.051507                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        8.878752                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        8.883067                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |       36206     37.10%     37.10% |       45938     47.07%     84.17% |           7      0.01%     84.17% |        7828      8.02%     92.19% |        7616      7.80%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total           97598                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        142275                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        10.783363                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       10.056833                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.838720                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22488     15.81%     15.81% |       70126     49.29%     65.10% |       34904     24.53%     89.63% |       13390      9.41%     99.04% |         875      0.62%     99.65% |         418      0.29%     99.95% |          74      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          142275                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         16424                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.499817                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.135293                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.475453                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3915     23.84%     23.84% |       10556     64.27%     88.11% |        1922     11.70%     99.81% |          30      0.18%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           16424                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           317722                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            7.386331                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.292290                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          31.832729                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      306654     96.52%     96.52% |       10820      3.41%     99.92% |          36      0.01%     99.93% |          70      0.02%     99.96% |          91      0.03%     99.98% |          51      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             317722                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples       299341                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total         299341                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples        18381                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     111.389968                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     84.119275                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     77.684942                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |        7313     39.79%     39.79% |       10820     58.87%     98.65% |          36      0.20%     98.85% |          70      0.38%     99.23% |          91      0.50%     99.72% |          51      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total         18381                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples           225979                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            7.076817                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.254265                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          30.844977                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |      218244     96.58%     96.58% |        7575      3.35%     99.93% |          43      0.02%     99.95% |           5      0.00%     99.95% |          74      0.03%     99.98% |          38      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total             225979                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples       215074                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      215074    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total         215074                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        10905                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     126.926914                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    109.363992                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     67.997383                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |        3170     29.07%     29.07% |        7575     69.46%     98.53% |          43      0.39%     98.93% |           5      0.05%     98.97% |          74      0.68%     99.65% |          38      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         10905                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      1717361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.861543                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.037147                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.833967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     1709564     99.55%     99.55% |        7669      0.45%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        1717361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      1702737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1702737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      1702737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples        14624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   102.174850                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    72.479738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.354145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |        6827     46.68%     46.68% |        7669     52.44%     99.12% |           8      0.05%     99.18% |          11      0.08%     99.25% |          64      0.44%     99.69% |          44      0.30%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total        14624                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples         8733                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean     7.892362                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     1.349521                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    33.335750                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |        8443     96.68%     96.68% |         280      3.21%     99.89% |           3      0.03%     99.92% |           2      0.02%     99.94% |           3      0.03%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total         8733                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples         8117                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8117    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total         8117                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples          616                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean    98.712662                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean    70.073022                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.003224                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |         326     52.92%     52.92% |         280     45.45%     98.38% |           3      0.49%     98.86% |           2      0.32%     99.19% |           3      0.49%     99.68% |           2      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total          616                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples         8605                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.037769                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.003470                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     1.241556                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |        8597     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           3      0.03%     99.94% |           4      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total         8605                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples         8597                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        8597    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total         8597                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean    41.625000                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    41.520781                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev     3.204350                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           4     50.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        7163     25.33%     25.33% |        7062     24.97%     50.30% |        6963     24.62%     74.92% |        7093     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        28281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2927     25.45%     25.45% |        2842     24.72%     50.17% |        2818     24.51%     74.68% |        2912     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        11499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        7163     25.33%     25.33% |        7062     24.97%     50.30% |        6963     24.62%     74.92% |        7093     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        28281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        2927     25.45%     25.45% |        2842     24.72%     50.17% |        2818     24.51%     74.68% |        2912     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        11499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        4237     25.25%     25.25% |        4220     25.15%     50.39% |        4145     24.70%     75.09% |        4180     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        16782                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        7163     25.33%     25.33% |        7062     24.97%     50.30% |        6963     24.62%     74.92% |        7093     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        28281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        2927     25.45%     25.45% |        2842     24.72%     50.17% |        2818     24.51%     74.68% |        2912     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        11499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        4237     25.25%     25.25% |        4220     25.15%     50.39% |        4145     24.70%     75.09% |        4180     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        16782                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        7163     25.33%     25.33% |        7062     24.97%     50.30% |        6963     24.62%     74.92% |        7093     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        28281                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        2927     25.45%     25.45% |        2842     24.72%     50.17% |        2818     24.51%     74.68% |        2912     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        11499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       93534     29.44%     29.44% |        1868      0.59%     30.03% |      192908     60.72%     90.74% |       29412      9.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       317722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      512764     29.86%     29.86% |        8417      0.49%     30.35% |     1041288     60.63%     90.98% |      154893      9.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      1717362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       95182     39.12%     39.12% |        1042      0.43%     39.55% |      128244     52.71%     92.25% |       18850      7.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       243318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4235     27.36%     27.36% |        1466      9.47%     36.83% |        6617     42.74%     79.57% |        3163     20.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       18107     44.01%     44.01% |         143      0.35%     44.35% |       18162     44.14%     88.49% |        4735     11.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total        41147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          26     16.05%     16.05% |           5      3.09%     19.14% |         104     64.20%     83.33% |          27     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          80     10.24%     10.24% |          24      3.07%     13.32% |         440     56.34%     69.65% |         237     30.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           7      3.21%      3.21% |           3      1.38%      4.59% |          13      5.96%     10.55% |         195     89.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5390     34.03%     34.03% |         108      0.68%     34.72% |        8755     55.28%     90.00% |        1584     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total        15837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         185     23.69%     23.69% |          29      3.71%     27.40% |         196     25.10%     52.50% |         371     47.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       13547     49.60%     49.60% |         758      2.78%     52.37% |        9646     35.32%     87.69% |        3363     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total        27314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         123     26.28%     26.28% |          22      4.70%     30.98% |         210     44.87%     75.85% |         113     24.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         103     17.11%     17.11% |          13      2.16%     19.27% |         189     31.40%     50.66% |         297     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       11811     47.40%     47.40% |           4      0.02%     47.42% |       11058     44.38%     91.80% |        2044      8.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total        24917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5936     34.11%     34.11% |          39      0.22%     34.33% |        9308     53.48%     87.81% |        2122     12.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total        17405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        5107     39.69%     39.69% |          98      0.76%     40.46% |        6105     47.45%     87.91% |        1556     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        12866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        7069     64.96%     64.96% |           6      0.06%     65.02% |        2750     25.27%     90.29% |        1057      9.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        10882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2260     28.27%     28.27% |         250      3.13%     31.39% |        4594     57.46%     88.86% |         891     11.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         7995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         315     32.27%     32.27% |         243     24.90%     57.17% |         137     14.04%     71.21% |         281     28.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         632     35.95%     35.95% |         448     25.48%     61.43% |         250     14.22%     75.65% |         428     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1758                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          70     26.62%     26.62% |          64     24.33%     50.95% |          60     22.81%     73.76% |          69     26.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1200     36.98%     36.98% |          68      2.10%     39.08% |         913     28.14%     67.21% |        1064     32.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        9991     36.98%     36.98% |         428      1.58%     38.56% |        7480     27.68%     66.24% |        9121     33.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        27020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      507024     29.78%     29.78% |        7871      0.46%     30.24% |     1034933     60.78%     91.02% |      152909      8.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      1702737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          96     25.00%     25.00% |          10      2.60%     27.60% |         176     45.83%     73.44% |         102     26.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1658     28.13%     28.13% |        1025     17.39%     45.52% |        1513     25.67%     71.19% |        1698     28.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        5096     39.25%     39.25% |          71      0.55%     39.79% |        6191     47.68%     87.47% |        1627     12.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        12985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       26584     31.93%     31.93% |          98      0.12%     32.04% |       49886     59.91%     91.95% |        6702      8.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total        83270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         966     18.05%     18.05% |          60      1.12%     19.17% |        4007     74.88%     94.06% |         318      5.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         5351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          99     21.76%     21.76% |          42      9.23%     30.99% |         124     27.25%     58.24% |         190     41.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        4189     44.23%     44.23% |           2      0.02%     44.26% |        4384     46.29%     90.55% |         895      9.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total         9470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          80     93.02%     93.02% |           6      6.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           86                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |          38      6.42%      6.42% |           9      1.52%      7.94% |         361     60.98%     68.92% |         184     31.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       50708     26.82%     26.82% |        1060      0.56%     27.38% |      126097     66.70%     94.08% |       11186      5.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total       189051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       86981     38.41%     38.41% |         902      0.40%     38.81% |      121250     53.55%     92.36% |       17304      7.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       226437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     18.34%     18.34% |         149     13.73%     32.07% |         363     33.46%     65.53% |         374     34.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        7622     49.34%     49.34% |           2      0.01%     49.36% |        6674     43.21%     92.56% |        1149      7.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        15447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          26     34.21%     34.21% |           5      6.58%     40.79% |          24     31.58%     72.37% |          21     27.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           76                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          42     22.22%     22.22% |          15      7.94%     30.16% |          79     41.80%     71.96% |          53     28.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5390     34.03%     34.03% |         108      0.68%     34.72% |        8755     55.28%     90.00% |        1584     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total        15837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         185     23.69%     23.69% |          29      3.71%     27.40% |         196     25.10%     52.50% |         371     47.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        6415     39.16%     39.16% |         691      4.22%     43.38% |        6849     41.81%     85.18% |        2427     14.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        16382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           7      3.21%      3.21% |           3      1.38%      4.59% |          13      5.96%     10.55% |         195     89.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        7132     65.27%     65.27% |          67      0.61%     65.88% |        2797     25.60%     91.48% |         931      8.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        10927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         123     26.57%     26.57% |          20      4.32%     30.89% |         210     45.36%     76.24% |         110     23.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         103     17.11%     17.11% |          13      2.16%     19.27% |         189     31.40%     50.66% |         297     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |          19     40.43%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |          23     48.94%     89.36% |           5     10.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       11792     47.41%     47.41% |           4      0.02%     47.43% |       11035     44.37%     91.80% |        2039      8.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total        24870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |          19     40.43%     40.43% |           0      0.00%     40.43% |          23     48.94%     89.36% |           5     10.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           47                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR        14624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS          18522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          11179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE          393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          24870      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old           76      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        10595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        17686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         28281      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          28281      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           1314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean          599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               4700      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           8963      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock            781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        27366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         7380      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        11519      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         9382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR         6312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS         1323      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE          384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         8470      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         4472      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX         1374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        10296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         7890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS          781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX        24870      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          261      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        28281      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          904      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           4647      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         8470      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             53      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS          154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        11365      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR          930      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS          132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         7534      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         9382      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock          611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        26755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS           50      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data          188      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean          586      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock          774      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
