
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000355                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   355414000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2271873595500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              130021892                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                130018619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342517095                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134911247                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     134911247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data        57792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        39040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       186688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            519808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       107648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        24384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       104256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       236288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         142336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         1682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         2917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         2224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst    302880584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    162604737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68607314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    109843732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293336785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    525269123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total           1462542275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst    302880584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     68607314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst    293336785                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       664824683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      400479441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           400479441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      400479441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst    302880584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    162604737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     68607314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    109843732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst    293336785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    525269123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1863021716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       127744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       407936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            588800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         9344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst         2176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        12416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks       410944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         410944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data          636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data         6374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               9200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks         6421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              6421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26290467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    359423095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2521004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    114525596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6122437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   1147776959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           1656659558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     26290467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2521004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      6122437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        34933908                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     1156240328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          1156240328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     1156240328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     26290467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    359423095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2521004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    114525596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      6122437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   1147776959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          2812899886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                       566                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     160     47.62%     47.62% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.30%     47.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    175     52.08%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                 336                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      160     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.31%     50.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     159     49.69%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                  320                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0               137690500     92.12%     92.12% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.11%     92.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11617000      7.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total           149472000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.908571                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.952381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.28%      0.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   12      3.34%      3.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.28%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                  317     88.30%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.28%     92.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                      18      5.01%     97.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      2.51%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                   359                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel               31                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 17                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 18                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   17                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.580645                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.729167                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          61153500     75.26%     75.26% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            20102000     24.74%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      12                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4923                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          460.584987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              64515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.104814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    22.923565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   437.661422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.044773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.854807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.899580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           129058                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          129058                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        30333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          30333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        25564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25564                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           55897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        55897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          55897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           28                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          4941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         4941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         4941                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        33118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        27720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          608                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          607                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        60838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        60838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        60838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.084093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.077778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.077778                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159539                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046129                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.081216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2987                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.972030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             280866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.405703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    30.675760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   481.296270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.059914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.940032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           331412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          331412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         162022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          162022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       162022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         162022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       164478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       164478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       164478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       164478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.014932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       784                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                      94     47.00%     47.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      1.50%     48.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    103     51.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 200                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                       94     49.47%     49.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      1.58%     51.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                      93     48.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  190                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0               176735500     96.96%     96.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 361000      0.20%     97.16% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31                5182500      2.84%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182279000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.902913                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.950000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58     21.32%     21.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       4      1.47%     23.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  129     47.43%     70.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.37%     70.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      69     25.37%     96.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      3.31%     99.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.37%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   272                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel              123                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 68                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.552846                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.250000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.701031                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          58575000      5.41%      5.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user             8186500      0.76%      6.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle          1015079000     93.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          432.489175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              36613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.183572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    63.833380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   368.655795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.124675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.720031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            77778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           77778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        22167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          22167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          449                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           34834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        34834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          34834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           23                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          2075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         2075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        23583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        13326                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        36909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        36909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.060043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.060043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.084567                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048729                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.056219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              863                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.806821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs              96725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            78.894780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   199.860690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   311.946131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.390353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.609270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           270841                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          270841                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         133580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          133580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         133580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       134807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       134807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             1226                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                      1210                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     250     50.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.20%     50.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                    247     49.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                 498                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      248     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.20%     50.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     247     49.80%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                  496                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0               376696500     97.05%     97.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.03%     97.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31               11322000      2.92%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total           388130500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.992000                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.995984                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.52%      0.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      9.23%      9.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       1      0.17%      9.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                  397     69.16%     79.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                      1      0.17%     79.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.17%     79.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                     100     17.42%     96.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      2.61%     99.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       3      0.52%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                   574                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.631579                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.775100                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         555385500     88.03%     88.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user            75503500     11.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements            12329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.479201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             148188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            12329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.019466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   112.697635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   322.781565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.220113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.630433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           358105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          358105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        76991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          76991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         80630                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1178                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         1206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1206                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          157621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       157621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         157621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          122                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         12547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        12547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1300                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1294                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       170168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       170168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.078641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.093846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.068006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.068006                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.073733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total             7986                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             4333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.866852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             261424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             4333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            60.333256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   201.296430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   310.570423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.393157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.606583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           915452                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          915452                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         451225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          451225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         451225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          4334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         4334                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       455559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       455559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       455559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total             4333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                         2                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                       1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                   2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                        1     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       1     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                    2                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0               182073000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total           182237500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total                    1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                       1    100.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                     1                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel                1                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          455.464275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   454.303121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.161154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.887311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.002268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.882812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses             284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            52                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total            127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total          132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses              740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses             740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total             370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total            370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                  10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                      20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                       80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         21305                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            2443                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2208                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          235                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8021                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3850                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2923                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              131                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             51                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             182                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2684                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3683                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4338                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         6959                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        14687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         5998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  30974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       288192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       508112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       134592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       187736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1118632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                            34555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples             55733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.097519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.311131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                   50543     90.69%     90.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    4945      8.87%     99.56% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                     245      0.44%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total               55733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33764                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1250                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            5504                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4882                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops          622                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              10125                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                  5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7987                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3591                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3847                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               90                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             91                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             181                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        12259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        37354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                  49635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       507200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1316320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side          328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total                 1823848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                            30593                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples             64048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.130699                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.364834                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                   56301     87.90%     87.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                    7123     11.12%     99.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                     624      0.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total               64048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                7978                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3593.987838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  5998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                7978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.751817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1806.126065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    28.088007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    52.028017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     2.150425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2.621243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   533.180071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   488.256704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   242.781659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   438.755647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.440949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.006857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.012702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.000525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.130171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.119203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.059273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.107118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.877438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.764893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              170352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             170352                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3850                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3850                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2923                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1460                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1084                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          630                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1714                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data          696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1280                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data          696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           35                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1874                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          547                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2421                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2223                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          770                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             7169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         1828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            7169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3850                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3850                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2923                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           82                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           36                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2070                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          613                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2683                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3683                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2839                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4239                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         2456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         4909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         1227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972477                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.972222                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.905314                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.892333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.902348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744300                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.603584                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.618175                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.550000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.595659                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.654247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.676002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.744300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.739254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.321923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.654247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.676002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements               10815                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3740.295035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs                 21014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs               10815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                1.943042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1556.914212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   245.243110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   200.332778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   227.517786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   300.663252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   429.894248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   779.564063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.165587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.380106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.059874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.048909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.055546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.073404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.104955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.190323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.913158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2914                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.956055                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses              278493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses             278493                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total             361                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2671                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total               5381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst         2671                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data         2709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total              5381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total          6433                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3432                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3433                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total            11529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total           11529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7987                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3591                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           87                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           86                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6794                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4334                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5780                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         5782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total          16910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         4334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        12574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total         16910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.988506                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.988764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.946865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.383710                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.593772                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.593739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.681786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.383710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.784555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks           3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total                3795                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              7499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             312                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           116                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        10375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        11092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        14094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        14104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                 35581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       284160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       486080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       770280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       431080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                1201360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                           16398                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples            41186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.389671                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.487682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  25137     61.03%     61.03% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                  16049     38.97%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total              41186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp              5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                 5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp                5                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5778                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         5794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        17300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        15366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total        32666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        11010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        11010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total                 43676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       536640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       433896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total       970536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       485888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       485888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total                1456424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           12108                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples            40581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.280082                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.449044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                  29215     71.99%     71.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  11366     28.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total              40581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            5355                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.220285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            5355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.005042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.158721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.001446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.109782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.298698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.043764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.607874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.822420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.006861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.018669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.002735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.037992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.888768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses           72283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses          72283                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2908                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           47                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         1673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          422                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          698                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         4684                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            4684                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements            4728                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.857681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs                82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs            4728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.017343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5.954023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1.078352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1.798401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     1.077828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     1.438016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     2.564518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.946544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.372126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.067397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.112400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.067364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.089876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.160282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.121659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses           90072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses          90072                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total              2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total             2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1122                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2751                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total         4719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3090                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total         4719                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2753                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total         4721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst         1629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total         4721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998221                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999274                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.999353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         2033                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            2033                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               33612                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                90                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses            8138                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              28309                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses               15                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   7                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses           4590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               61921                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               105                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    7                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           12728                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              43512                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses               94                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          43606                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  298250                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             164366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               164366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       158653                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses           245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls               4093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        16972                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              158653                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                  245                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       218800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       111775                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads          119                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes          102                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                62185                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              33816                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             28369                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      229199.117632                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      69050.882368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.231520                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.768480                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    22325                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         2807      1.71%      1.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu            94879     57.68%     59.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             145      0.09%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd             30      0.02%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           34768     21.14%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          28649     17.42%     98.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          3200      1.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            164478                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               23510                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               326                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses            1824                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              13693                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               37203                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses            2699                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits              23115                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses          23240                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              4543334897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             134422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               134422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       129201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               2671                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        15930                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              129201                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  296                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       171499                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        98393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                38311                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              24394                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             13917                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      3680915048.700031                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      862419848.299969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.189821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.810179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    19614                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         2760      2.05%      2.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            86205     63.95%     65.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult              79      0.06%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             24      0.02%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           25435     18.87%     84.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          13927     10.33%     95.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          6374      4.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            134807                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits               83488                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses               372                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses           34074                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits              88747                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits              172235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses               478                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses           49590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits             161958                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses         162110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              4543747192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts             455076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps               455076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses       437996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls               8633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts        47283                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts              437996                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads       630088                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes       297712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs               173349                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts              84328                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts             89021                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      1630762565.440769                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      2912984626.559231                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.641097                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.358903                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                    58814                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass         9792      2.15%      2.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu           259141     56.88%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult             525      0.12%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.26%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.05%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead           86607     19.01%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite          89088     19.56%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess          9007      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total            455559                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits                  82                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits                 59                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits                 141                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits                 79                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses             79                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              4543334783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts                370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                  370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses          351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls                 12                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts           31                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts                 351                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads          469                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes          258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                  142                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts                 82                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts                60                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      4540976279.212572                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      2358503.787428                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.000519                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.999481                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                       48                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass            2      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu              200     54.05%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead              91     24.59%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite             60     16.22%     95.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess            17      4.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total               370                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042185                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42185386500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2314415925000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1743774                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1743773                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              334703491                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1302688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   126.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219781783                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     219781783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst       124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3310976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      6564672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        29760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          10166848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        11392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       124416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3310976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        29760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total      3476544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      5290624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        5290624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst          178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data          104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        51734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       102573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             158857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        82666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             82666                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst       270046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       157780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2949268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2483514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     78486326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    155614836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst       705458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       336799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            241004026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       270046                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      2949268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     78486326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst       705458                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        82411098                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      125413667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           125413667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      125413667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst       270046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       157780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      2949268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2483514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     78486326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    155614836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst       705458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       336799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           366417693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data       104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data    132610112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide     10850112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         143641856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        13184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        43648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        56832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    111965440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      111965440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data         1636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst          682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data      2072033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide       169533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2244404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      1749460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1749460                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data       112266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst       312525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      2481997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1034671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data   3143508286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data       364107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide      257200725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total           3405014578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst       312525                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1034671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         1347196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks     2654128581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total          2654128581                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks     2654128581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data       112266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst       312525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      2481997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      1034671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data   3143508286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data       364107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide     257200725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          6059143158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      1477                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     442     31.82%     31.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     72      5.18%     37.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      3.10%     40.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.07%     40.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    831     59.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1389                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      442     44.20%     44.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      72      7.20%     51.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      4.30%     55.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.10%     55.80% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     442     44.20%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1000                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             42319342000     99.83%     99.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                5400000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.85% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               65457500      0.15%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42392471000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.531889                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.719942                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1159     85.16%     85.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     88      6.47%     91.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     114      8.38%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1361                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              116                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements              417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          406.536959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              12084                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.978417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   406.536959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.794017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.794017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           126384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          126384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        38995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          38995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        21628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          727                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          642                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data        60623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           60623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data        60623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          60623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           76                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        39508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        21862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          718                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          718                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        61370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        61370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        61370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.010704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010704                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.082071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.105850                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.105850                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.012172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              85681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           106.701121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.322931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   509.677069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.004537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.995463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           387835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          387835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       192713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         192713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       192713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          192713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       192713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         192713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       193516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       193516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       193516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       193516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       193516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       193516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.004150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      45                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                      1483                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     370     33.91%     33.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      3.94%     37.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.09%     37.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    677     62.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                1091                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      370     47.25%     47.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      5.49%     52.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.13%     52.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     369     47.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  783                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41209097000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               35525500      0.09%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41246894000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.545052                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.717690                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::2                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::19                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.09%      0.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                   14      1.21%      1.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.17%      1.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  983     84.67%     86.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     86      7.41%     93.54% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.09%     93.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      64      5.51%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      0.78%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                       1      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                  1161                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel               34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                 20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 45                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                 21                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                   20                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.617647                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.022222                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.424242                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          65246500     45.03%     45.03% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user            79634500     54.97%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                      14                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             5555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          435.300904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             112157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            20.190279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   435.300904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.850197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.850197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.849609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           266454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          266454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        72932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          72932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        50047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         50047                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          666                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          720                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          122979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data       122979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         122979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           58                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          5798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         5798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         5798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        76396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        76396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        52381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        52381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       128777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.044558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.150510                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.150510                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.074550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.074550                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.045024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             3324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             3188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             506561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             3188                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.896173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   511.999199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           731696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          731696                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       361063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         361063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       361063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          361063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       361063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         361063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         3190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          3190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         3190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       364253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       364253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       364253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       364253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       364253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       364253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.008758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total             3188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     369                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     77688                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   25120     47.88%     47.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                    119      0.23%     48.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      0.08%     48.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     48.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  27177     51.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               52460                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    23827     49.83%     49.83% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                     119      0.25%     50.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      0.09%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.17% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   23826     49.83%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                47816                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             38888040000     91.73%     91.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                8508500      0.02%     91.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.00%     91.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     91.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             3493694500      8.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         42392462000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.948527                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.876697                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.911475                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         3      8.82%      8.82% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                         3      8.82%     17.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.94%     20.59% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        4     11.76%     32.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.94%     35.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::48                        1      2.94%     38.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.94%     41.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::59                        1      2.94%     44.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       15     44.12%     88.24% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        1      2.94%     91.18% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::144                       1      2.94%     94.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                       1      2.94%     97.06% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                       1      2.94%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    34                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    4      0.01%      0.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                  136      0.26%      0.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.01%      0.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                44447     83.44%     83.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    720      1.35%     85.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.00%     85.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    7850     14.74%     99.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  49      0.09%     99.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.00%     99.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique                 53      0.10%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wrunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 53268                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7985                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               6418                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               6417                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 6418                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.803632                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.891134                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       19699001500     46.39%     46.39% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         22760458000     53.61%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                     136                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          2400344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.738434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29130260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2400344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.135869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.738434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.999489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         65701385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        65701385                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      7620897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7620897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     21447416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21447416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        84313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        84313                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        96662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        96662                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29068313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        29068313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     29068313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       29068313                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       652179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       652179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1736296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1736296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        12462                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12462                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          104                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2388475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       2388475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2388475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      2388475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      8273076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8273076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     23183712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     23183712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        96775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        96766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        96766                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31456788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     31456788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     31456788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     31456788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.078832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.074893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.128773                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.128773                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.001075                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.001075                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.075929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.075929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1809867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          1809867                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           199616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           76346681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           199616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           382.467743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        167173816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       167173816                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83287484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       83287484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83287484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        83287484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     83287484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       83287484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       199616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        199616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       199616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83487100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     83487100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83487100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     83487100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     83487100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     83487100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.002391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       199616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           199616                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      48                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                       855                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     207     27.20%     27.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     43      5.65%     32.85% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.39%     33.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    508     66.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 761                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      207     45.10%     45.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      43      9.37%     54.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.65%     55.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     206     44.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  459                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             41424018500     99.93%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                2107000      0.01%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.93% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               27142000      0.07%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         41453619000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.405512                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.603154                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                    3      0.37%      0.37% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  671     83.04%     83.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     89     11.01%     94.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      45      5.57%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   808                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel               48                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                       3                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements              739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          423.050249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs               5313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.189445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   423.050249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.826270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.826270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.824219                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            63855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses           63855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          18555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        11429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        29984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           29984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        29984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          29984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           31                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          1053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        19290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        11747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11747                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        31037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        31037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        31037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.038103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.027071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.120603                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.120603                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.162304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.162304                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.033927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1357                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             100026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            73.711127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    10.796417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   501.203583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.021087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.978913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           186409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          186409                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          91169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total           91169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst        91169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total          91169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1357                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        92526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        92526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total        92526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        92526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total        92526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.014666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                1381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                 11354112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                       1391                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2023                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              179935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             179935                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         8356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       355560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  363916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         4888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          791                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          362                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         9750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total     11357088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                 11366838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements               177780                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs               177780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses              1600020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses             1600020                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              372                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total       177408                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total               177408                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         20818                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        10866                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1846                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           16647                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         6550                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        10097                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp               8583                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               377                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2803                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1932                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            134                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             462                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2240                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           3993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4160                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         1953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         3565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side         8836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        17218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  31572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        73600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        54110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       361344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       582760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1071814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          4968193                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples           4989305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.006189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.100984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                 4968525     99.58%     99.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                   10683      0.21%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                   10097      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total             4989305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       5205178                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2602406                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        85139                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          142544                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       104948                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        37596                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp             867594                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1810212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       162747                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           544163                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1736328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1736328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         200973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        665400                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       561116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      7162465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         3577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         2950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                7730108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     23136000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    269484948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side        86524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               292849552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          2786967                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           7995094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.043820                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.226507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 7682344     96.09%     96.09% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  275152      3.44%     99.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                   37598      0.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             7995094                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements                6831                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            2975.419320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                  4762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs                6831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                0.697116                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1239.252668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2.001110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1.002647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   174.875866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   136.628516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   933.229530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   488.428982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.302552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.042694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.033357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.227839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.119245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.726421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.724609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              161228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             161228                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3513                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         2803                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1040                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1665                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          354                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1779                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               3648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst          625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst         1040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         1625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              3648                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          325                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           72                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          122                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1992                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          2024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          178                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2150                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2328                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         2059                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total             6594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst          178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data          215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst         2150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         4051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total            6594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3513                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2803                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          187                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          138                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          325                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           74                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           50                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         2192                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2228                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         3993                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          537                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         4021                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          10242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst          803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst         3190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         5676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         10242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.972973                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.983871                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.908759                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.908438                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.221669                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.583020                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.340782                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.590987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.557573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.221669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.375218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.713707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.643820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.221669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.375218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.673981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.713707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.643820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           4412                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                4412                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             2253160                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3970.749328                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               1125754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             2253160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                0.499633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2809.421060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     0.583332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.578040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   115.136958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  1037.082609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     3.556417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     4.390913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.685894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.000142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.028110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.253194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993164                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            44946421                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           44946421                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1810212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1810212                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       162747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       162747                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        99558                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           99574                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       147198                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          892                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       148090                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       123978                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          284                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       124262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       147198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       223536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             371926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       147198                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       223536                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            371926                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          155                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      1636496                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total       1636704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52418                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        52883                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       540148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          395                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       540543                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2176644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          2230130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        52418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2176644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         2230130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1810212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1810212                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       162747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       162747                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          158                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           48                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           83                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      1736054                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          224                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1736278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       200973                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       664126                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          679                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       664805                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2400180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        2602056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       199616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2400180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       2602056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981013                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.985437                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.942653                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.942651                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.262594                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342668                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.263135                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.813322                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.581738                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.813085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.262594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.906867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.667774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.262594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.906867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.342668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.667774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks        1651192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total             1651192                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq               1651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             95163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq              2527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp             2527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       256248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           47769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            637                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq            69007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp           68993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        93512                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       177408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11263                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         8911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        21788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       431667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         6742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       438409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        23616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       509724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       533340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                993537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       307904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       396032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2438                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total       706374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     14718336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         7312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total     14725648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       503808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side     10874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     11377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total               26809942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         4321466                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples          4975125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.868455                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.337995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                 654451     13.15%     13.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                4320674     86.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total            4975125                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq               1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            595921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             2150                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1824765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          547136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            425                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1807467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1807417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       594700                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      6219332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       446346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      6665678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port       518211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total       518211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               7183889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    233570624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side     14837840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    248408464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     22119296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total     22119296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              270527760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          187565                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          4965616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.037639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.190322                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                4778714     96.24%     96.24% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 186902      3.76%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            4965616                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements          174813                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          14.677486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                58                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs          174813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.000332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    13.559978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     1.074487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.023207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.016439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.847499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.067155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.001450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.001027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.917343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.062500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses         2948247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses        2948247                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       173582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total       173582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             9                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         1231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide          365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide       169536                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total       169536                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         2505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data         1848                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          365                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         2505                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       173582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       173582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           49                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           11                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1222                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1231                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           77                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         1283                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide       169536                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       169536                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         2514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         1850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         2514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996815                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.981183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992985                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.981183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.981183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks       173573                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total          173573                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          163587                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.840528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              1029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          163587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.006290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9.013482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     1.557517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     4.982204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.160387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.126938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.563343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.097345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.311388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.010024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.007934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         2494507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        2494507                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        75305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        75305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          739                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          874                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           876                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        66961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total        66976                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        36026                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          345                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        88570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       102987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       155546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        51734                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       102987                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          360                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       155546                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        75305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        75305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        67098                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total        67113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51736                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        36763                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          345                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        89309                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       156422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        51736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       103861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       156422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.979953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.991725                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        74428                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           74428                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits               40586                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits              22985                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits               63571                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits              21341                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses          21341                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                84785066                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             193516                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               193516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       185782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              13221                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        13296                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              185782                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       244905                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       145008                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs                63759                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts              40730                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             23029                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      84590646.990669                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      194419.009331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.002293                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.997707                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    29634                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass          848      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           119636     61.82%     62.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             429      0.22%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead           42890     22.16%     84.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          23115     11.94%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess          6598      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            193516                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits               77050                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses               129                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses           34510                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits              53185                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses               18                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                  10                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses          20304                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits              130235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses               147                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                   10                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses           54814                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits             172757                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses              121                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses         172878                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                82493385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             364096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               364096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses       351678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses           385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls              10593                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts        36622                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts              351678                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                  385                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads       481654                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes       257767                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads          220                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs               130609                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts              77309                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts             53300                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      82137161.939719                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      356223.060281                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.004318                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.995682                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                    50979                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass         5805      1.59%      1.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu           218544     60.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             433      0.12%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd             46      0.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead           78617     21.58%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite          53581     14.71%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          7224      1.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total            364253                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits             8368955                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses              6181                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         3593526                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           23289963                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses            17749                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       13387219                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            31658918                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             23930                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses        16980745                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits           46329396                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              306                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses       46329702                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                84785304                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           83463149                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             83463149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     76069786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses          5601                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             753188                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      6653280                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            76069786                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                 5601                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    111351024                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     44594037                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads         1298                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes         1318                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             31685439                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts            8377261                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          23308178                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      888066.687926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      83897237.312074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989526                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010474                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7585985                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass      7020423      8.41%      8.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         44061610     52.78%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           59606      0.07%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd           3254      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt             50      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv             19      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead         8505458     10.19%     71.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       23318834     27.93%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        517845      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          83487100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               19476                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses                 2                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses              24                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              11992                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               31468                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses                 2                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses              24                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              10114                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          10114                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                82907286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts              92524                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps                92524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses        88917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               3770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts         7312                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts               88917                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  141                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       122105                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes        68612                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads           66                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes           68                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                31541                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              19495                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             12046                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      82816412.114152                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      90873.885848                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.001096                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.998904                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    12771                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass          605      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu            56112     60.64%     61.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             353      0.38%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     61.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             11      0.01%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           19894     21.50%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          12052     13.03%     96.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          3499      3.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total             92526                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.517797                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                517796532500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2832212457500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1225056                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1225056                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              186871907                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1303712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2770.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3394464044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3394464044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4435584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      3241344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4563840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data      2482112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1594432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data      1207680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2625344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data      1415168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21565504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4435584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      4563840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      1594432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      2625344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     13219200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks      3458752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3458752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst        69306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data        50646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        71310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data        38783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        24913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        18870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        41021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data        22112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             336961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks        54043                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             54043                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8566268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      6259880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8813964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data      4793605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3079264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data      2332345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5070223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      2733058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             41648606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      8566268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      8813964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3079264                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      5070223                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        25529719                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks        6679751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6679751                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks        6679751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      8566268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      6259880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst      8813964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data      4793605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3079264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data      2332345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      5070223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      2733058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            48328358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6668928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data     64977664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6057408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data     72047872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2069120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     23093120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1634176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data     30682752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         207231040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      6668928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst      6057408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2069120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1634176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total     16429632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks    146293120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      146293120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data      1015276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data      1125748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        32330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       360830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst        25534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data       479418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3237985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks      2285830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2285830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst     12879437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    125488797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst     11698433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data    139143211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3996010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     44598831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3156020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data     59256388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            400217126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     12879437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst     11698433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      3996010                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      3156020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        31729900                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      282530127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           282530127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      282530127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst     12879437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    125488797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst     11698433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data    139143211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      3996010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     44598831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      3156020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data     59256388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           682747253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                     161                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    122898                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   16409     41.19%     41.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     20      0.05%     41.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    531      1.33%     42.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                   1060      2.66%     45.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  21819     54.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total               39839                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    16409     47.84%     47.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      20      0.06%     47.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     531      1.55%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                    1060      3.09%     52.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   16283     47.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                34303                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            516203347000     99.70%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                1500000      0.00%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26019000      0.01%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              199656500      0.04%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1338894000      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        517769416500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.746276                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.861041                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.55%      0.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       22      4.01%      4.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       39      7.12%     11.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::75                      484     88.32%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   548                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                 1629      3.12%      3.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1648      3.16%      6.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.02%      6.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                32352     62.03%     68.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   1599      3.07%     71.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5883     11.28%     82.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 650      1.25%     83.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.02%     83.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               8374     16.05%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                 52159                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7529                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               5687                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               5687                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 5687                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.755346                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.860623                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       88592968500     15.80%     15.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        471990187000     84.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1648                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          5792314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          503.506047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          288777903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5792314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.855361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   503.506047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.983410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.976562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        595100507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       595100507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data    204322960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      204322960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data     84342490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      84342490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        68560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        68560                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data        73442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        73442                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data    288665450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       288665450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data    288665450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      288665450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      4335820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4335820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1479892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1479892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13054                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13054                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8034                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8034                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5815712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       5815712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      5815712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      5815712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    208658780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    208658780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data     85822382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     85822382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        81614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        81614                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        81476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        81476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    294481162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    294481162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data    294481162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    294481162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.020779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.017244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017244                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.159948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159948                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.098606                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.098606                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.019749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5236205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          5236205                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           526646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          956613932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           526646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1816.426845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.004384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.995616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1916109294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      1916109294                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    957264678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      957264678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    957264678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       957264678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst    957264678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      957264678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       526646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        526646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       526646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    957791324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    957791324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    957791324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    957791324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst    957791324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    957791324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       526646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           526646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      65                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    127495                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   13473     40.49%     40.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    531      1.60%     42.09% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                   1047      3.15%     45.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  18222     54.77%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               33273                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    13473     47.32%     47.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     531      1.87%     49.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                    1047      3.68%     52.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   13419     47.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                28470                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            517172425000     99.73%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26019000      0.01%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              194287000      0.04%     99.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1162098500      0.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        518554829500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.736418                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.855649                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.53%      0.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        4      0.70%      1.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::73                        2      0.35%      1.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                      242     42.61%     44.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::75                      317     55.81%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   568                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                 1722      3.12%      3.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1827      3.31%      6.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.02%      6.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                26793     48.49%     54.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   1633      2.96%     57.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    4908      8.88%     66.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 995      1.80%     68.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.02%     68.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique              17358     31.41%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 55260                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6619                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user               4830                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                116                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel               4845                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                 4830                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   15                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.731984                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.129310                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.837873                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        5194986000      0.93%      0.93% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        497606944500     88.93%     89.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         56722081000     10.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1827                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements          5008909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          508.436126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs          265675840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          5008909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.040660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   508.436126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.993039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          467                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.912109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        546898055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       546898055                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data    192435235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      192435235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data     73255666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      73255666                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        74835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        74835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data        78834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        78834                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265690901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       265690901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data    265690901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      265690901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      3757500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3757500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1301526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1301526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        12189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12189                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         8026                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         8026                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5059026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       5059026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      5059026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      5059026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    196192735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    196192735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data     74557192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     74557192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        87024                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        87024                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        86860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        86860                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270749927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    270749927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data    270749927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    270749927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.019152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.017457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.140065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.140065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.092402                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.092402                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.018685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4374287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total          4374287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           498253                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          977836978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           498253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1962.531039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2011810751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2011810751                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1005157996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1005157996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1005157996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1005157996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst   1005157996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1005157996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       498253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        498253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       498253                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1005656249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1005656249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1005656249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1005656249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst   1005656249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1005656249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.000495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       498253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           498253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                     638                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     77077                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                    6087     32.78%     32.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    531      2.86%     35.64% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                   1713      9.23%     44.87% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  10236     55.13%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               18567                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                     6087     42.63%     42.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     531      3.72%     46.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                    1713     12.00%     58.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                    5948     41.66%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                14279                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            516945711000     99.84%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26019000      0.01%     99.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30              284338000      0.05%     99.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              540339000      0.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        517796407000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.581086                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.769053                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         3      1.57%      1.57% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::17                        3      1.57%      3.14% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                       13      6.81%      9.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        9      4.71%     14.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                      144     75.39%     90.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::75                       19      9.95%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                   191                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                  528      1.85%      1.85% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1638      5.74%      7.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.04%      7.63% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                13914     48.75%     56.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   1233      4.32%     60.70% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                    2696      9.45%     70.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                 267      0.94%     71.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.04%     71.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               8241     28.87%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 28541                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel             4334                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user               2053                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel               2053                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                 2053                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.473696                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.642868                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      210810380500     40.71%     40.71% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        306986026500     59.29%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                    1638                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements          3456352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.993206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs          184122968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          3456352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            53.270896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   485.993206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.949205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        378478187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       378478187                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data    130611130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      130611130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data     53310940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      53310940                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        34066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        34066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        34486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        34486                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data    183922070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       183922070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data    183922070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      183922070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data      2677500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2677500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       813221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       813221                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         7335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7335                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         6813                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6813                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3490721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       3490721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data      3490721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      3490721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    133288630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133288630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     54124161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     54124161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        41401                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        41299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        41299                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    187412791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    187412791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data    187412791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    187412791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.020088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.015025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.177170                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.177170                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.164968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.164968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.018626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3217430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total          3217430                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           286128                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          607592001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           286128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          2123.497180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1235502080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      1235502080                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    617321848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      617321848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    617321848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       617321848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst    617321848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      617321848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       286128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        286128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       286128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    617607976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    617607976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    617607976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    617607976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst    617607976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    617607976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.000463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       286128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           286128                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                     888                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                     99698                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                   12522     37.23%     37.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    531      1.58%     38.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                   2572      7.65%     46.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                  18012     53.55%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total               33637                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                    12522     43.59%     43.59% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     531      1.85%     45.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                    2572      8.95%     54.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                   13100     45.60%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                28725                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            517019887500     99.70%     99.70% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               26019000      0.01%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30              296172000      0.06%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31             1212609500      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        518554688000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.727293                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.853970                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         3      0.94%      0.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::17                       32     10.03%     10.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::71                        2      0.63%     11.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::73                        4      1.25%     12.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::74                      110     34.48%     47.34% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::75                      168     52.66%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                   319                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                  961      1.76%      1.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1975      3.62%      5.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                      12      0.02%      5.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                27609     50.61%     56.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                   1363      2.50%     58.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                    4177      7.66%     66.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                 952      1.75%     67.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                      12      0.02%     67.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique              17488     32.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                 54549                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6152                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user               3276                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel               3276                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                 3276                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.532510                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.694951                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       66853072000     18.58%     18.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        292866713500     81.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                    1975                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements          2063424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          493.238953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          122541256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          2063424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.387337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   493.238953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.963357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        251748680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       251748680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     93187361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       93187361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data     29390585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      29390585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        61019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        61019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        63818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        63818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data    122577946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       122577946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data    122577946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      122577946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data      1470652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1470652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       631248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       631248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        12210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         9196                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9196                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2101900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       2101900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data      2101900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      2101900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     94658013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94658013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data     30021833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     30021833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        73229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        73229                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        73014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        73014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    124679846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    124679846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data    124679846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    124679846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.015536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.021026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.166737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166737                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.125948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.125948                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.016858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1714175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total          1714175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements           298452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          584926712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           298452                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1959.868629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst     0.044163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   511.955837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.000086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.999914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       1187919332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      1187919332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    593511988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      593511988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    593511988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       593511988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst    593511988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      593511988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       298452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        298452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       298452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    593810440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    593810440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    593810440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    593810440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst    593810440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    593810440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.000503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks       298452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total           298452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               11887                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              11887                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        23648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        24018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   24018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        94592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        94917                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    94917                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests      23767062                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     11882262                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       489004                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1930380                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1672449                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       257931                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 122                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp            9143584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               6590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              6590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      9610492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean       641828                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1105192                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            37545                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          16060                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           53605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq           2743873                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp          2743873                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        1024899                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       8118563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1383838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     17426109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1307788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     15135081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total               35252816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     54860288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    707111501                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side     51810240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side    603208432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total              1416990461                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                          8025811                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples          31752072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.099935                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.326701                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                28844613     90.84%     90.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                 2642600      8.32%     99.17% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                  264042      0.83%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                     817      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total            31752072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12317111                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6156534                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       218216                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          583051                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       469870                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops       113181                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            4752277                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               5297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              5297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4931605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       439011                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           529629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            28459                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          16009                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           44468                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1416010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1416010                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         584580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4167697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       781144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     10444122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       827027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      6284056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total               18336349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     31681024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    429116520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     33828800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side    243905824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               738532168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                          6356894                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples          18629668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.061213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.263849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                17602475     94.49%     94.49% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  914012      4.91%     99.39% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                  113181      0.61%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total            18629668                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements             2862908                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3969.418962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs              17508288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs             2862908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                6.115561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2310.267374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     0.037529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     0.000142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   162.414303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   614.055268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   155.628837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   727.015510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.564030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.039652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.149916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.037995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.177494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.969096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971924                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses           191859903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses          191859903                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      9610492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      9610492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       641828                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total       641828                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           83                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total            147                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       940303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data       741637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total         1681940                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       353138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332296                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       685434                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data      3769287                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3076713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      6846000                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       353138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4709590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3818350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total            9213374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       353138                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data      4709590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst       332296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data      3818350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total           9213374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        15751                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        20062                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        35813                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6301                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         6116                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        12417                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       521736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       537746                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total       1059482                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173508                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       165957                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       339465                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       572857                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       681232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1254089                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1094593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       165957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1218978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total          2653036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       173508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1094593                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst       165957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1218978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total         2653036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      9610492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      9610492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       641828                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total       641828                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        15834                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        20126                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        35960                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6318                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         6124                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1462039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1279383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      2741422                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1024899                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      4342144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      3757945                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      8100089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5804183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5037328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total       11866410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       526646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      5804183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst       498253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      5037328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total      11866410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994758                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.996820                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.997309                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.998694                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.997991                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.356855                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.420317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.386472                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.329458                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333078                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.331218                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.131930                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.181278                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.154824                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.329458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.188587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.241989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.223575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.329458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.188587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.333078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.241989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks        1762880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total             1762880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements             1060920                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3963.658821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               9378940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs             1060920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                8.840384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2148.930722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   172.832267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   744.080163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst   244.393138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   653.422531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.524641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.042195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.181660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.059666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.159527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.967690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993408                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            99276112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           99276112                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4931605                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total      4931605                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       439011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       439011                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            7                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       642256                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data       358772                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total         1001028                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       228750                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       231787                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       460537                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      2434814                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1184144                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      3618958                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       228750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3077070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       231787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1542916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total            5080523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       228750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data      3077070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       231787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data      1542916                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total           5080523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         9372                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        16384                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total        25756                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         5474                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         6859                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total        12333                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       159647                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       251852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        411499                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        57378                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66665                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total       124043                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       243937                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data       291232                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       535169                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        57378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       403584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data       543084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total          1070711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        57378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       403584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        66665                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data       543084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total         1070711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4931605                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4931605                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       439011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       439011                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         9465                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        16447                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        25912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         5483                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         6866                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total        12349                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       801903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data       610624                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1412527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       584580                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      2678751                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      1475376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      4154127                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3480654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2086000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        6151234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       286128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      3480654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       298452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data      2086000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       6151234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.990174                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.996170                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.993980                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.998359                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.998980                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.998704                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.199085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.412450                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.291321                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.200533                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223369                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.212192                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.091064                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.197395                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.128828                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.200533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.115951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.260347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.174064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.200533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.115951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.223369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.260347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         593602                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              593602                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp           1701092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq             11887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp            11887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1783401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict          634184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           46413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         22593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          61000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1063712                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1061235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1700970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       613507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side      7160779                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      7787710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       300192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        10594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total       310786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total               8098496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     17444352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side    264811648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        52541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total    282308541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      8662784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      8705160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total              291013701                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                         4979479                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples         10271073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.478486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.499537                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                5356507     52.15%     52.15% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                4914566     47.85%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total           10271073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp           2014907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq              5297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp             5297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2307656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          727605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           72421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         24769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          87539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1450113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1444214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2014907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      2808118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side       332528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      3140646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      7014079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      7014079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total              10154725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     97374784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      8885960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total    106260744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port    262855360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total    262855360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total              369116104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                          584884                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples          7313817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.077827                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.267899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                6744604     92.22%     92.22% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                 569213      7.78%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total            7313817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements         3050859                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.884720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs             30424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs         3050859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.009972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.819955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.267601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     3.143513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst     0.228590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     4.425060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.488747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.016725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.196470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.014287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.276566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses        41736947                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses       41736947                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1729358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1729358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         2917                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total         5851                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         4380                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         5012                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         9392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total          15243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         7314                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data         7929                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total         15243                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data        13736                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data        24300                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total        38036                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data         3488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         6743                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       512434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       524952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total      1037386                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data       519032                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data       637814                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1355695                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1031466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1162766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total      2393081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data      1031466                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data      1162766                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total      2393081                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1729358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1729358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        13736                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        24300                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total        38036                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         3255                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         3488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         6743                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       515368                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       527869                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1043237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       523412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data       642826                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1365087                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1038780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1170695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total      2408324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       104202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data      1038780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        94647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data      1170695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total      2408324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.994307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.994474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994391                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.991632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.992203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.993120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.992959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.993227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.993671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks      1714054                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total         1714054                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements          121206                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.143101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs              8354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs          121206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.068924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.247361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     3.272210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     1.878484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     4.018858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     1.726188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.265460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.204513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.117405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.251179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.107887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses         1701741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses        1701741                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        21826                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21826                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_hits::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          436                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          512                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          135                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          110                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         1008                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total           1520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst          135                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          961                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          110                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total          1520                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          378                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total         2274                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         3137                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total         4830                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         3064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         4355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         7419                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24913                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        19299                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        41021                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data        22183                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       107416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        22363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        41021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total       114835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        24913                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        22363                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst        41021                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data        26538                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total       114835                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        21826                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21826                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          379                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2276                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1693                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         3137                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total         4830                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         3500                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         4431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         7931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25048                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        19824                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        41131                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        22421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       108424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        41131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total       116355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        25048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        23324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst        41131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        26852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total       116355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.997361                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.999473                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.999121                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.875429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.982848                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.935443                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.973517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997326                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.989385                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.990703                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.958798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.986937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.994610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.958798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.997326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.988306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.986937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks        20521                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total           20521                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits           208710326                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses             43433                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses       207006231                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits           85904917                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses            11821                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses       81189107                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits           294615243                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses             55254                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses       288195338                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits          944650857                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses            13881                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses      944664738                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles              1035538976                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          957736070                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            957736070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    881581047                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses        406177                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls             918293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     70014943                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           881581047                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts               406177                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads   1301481877                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    723017138                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads        63963                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes        64024                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs            294708844                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts          208783949                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          85924895                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      77783957.135502                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      957755018.864498                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.924886                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.075114                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 75967432                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass     70855064      7.40%      7.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        590324936     61.63%     69.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          508423      0.05%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd         338982      0.04%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt          18352      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv           5534      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead       208942147     21.81%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       85931812      8.97%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess        866074      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         957791324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits           196237750                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses             45854                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses       194857542                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits           74643511                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses            10510                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses       71428253                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits           270881261                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses             56364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses       266285795                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits          995790330                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses            14299                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses      995804629                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles              1037109724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts         1005599885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps           1005599885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses    939206315                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses        397764                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls             854269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts     65499067                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts           939206315                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts               397764                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads   1400034604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes    796845581                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads        95592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes        95865                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs            270988409                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts          196325613                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts          74662796                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      29966404.575529                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      1007143319.424471                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.971106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.028894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                 70401092                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass     62061233      6.17%      6.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu        670839869     66.71%     72.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult          416459      0.04%     72.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     72.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd         293180      0.03%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt          26094      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv           8029      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead       196487645     19.54%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite       74667699      7.42%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess        856041      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total        1005656249                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits           133302094                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             32124                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses       132723445                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits           54163275                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses             4964                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses       53319505                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits           187465369                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             37088                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses       186042950                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits          614339576                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses             9491                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses      614349067                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles              1035593703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts          617570888                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps            617570888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses    571775101                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses        255341                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls             539330                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts     40878708                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts           571775101                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts               255341                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads    844391270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes    475218741                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        35034                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        35120                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs            187537793                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts          133362155                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts          54175638                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      417976493.502693                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      617617209.497308                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.596389                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.403611                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                 44124172                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass     42957005      6.96%      6.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu        385932748     62.49%     69.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult          327770      0.05%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd         217299      0.04%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt           9628      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           3040      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead       133435911     21.61%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite       54177249      8.77%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        547326      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total         617607976                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits            94693155                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses             27753                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses        93488619                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits           30093119                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses             7269                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses       27961235                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits           124786274                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses             35022                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses       121449854                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits          586298849                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses             8276                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses      586307125                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles              1037110264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts          593775418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps            593775418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses    564589154                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses        185311                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls             494277                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts     34177616                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts           564589154                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts               185311                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads    853774125                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes    499367602                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads        75610                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes        75992                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs            124868120                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts           94758995                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts          30109125                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      442422461.254047                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      594687802.745953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.573408                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.426592                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                 36504443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass     27128025      4.57%      4.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu        440845447     74.24%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult          114524      0.02%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd          96165      0.02%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt          18539      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv           5993      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead        94881446     15.98%     94.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite       30113570      5.07%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess        606731      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total         593810440                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.027940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27939759000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2860152216500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              131247015                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                131246952                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1062718452                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1304736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    26.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3450590962                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3450590962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst       130176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       106432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst       751552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data       942336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst        39168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        51328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2021888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst       130176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst          704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst       751552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        39168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       921600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks       525440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         525440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst         2034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         1663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data        14724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              31592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks         8210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              8210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4659167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data      3809339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data         6872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst     26899015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data     33727420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1401873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1837095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             72365979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst      4659167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus1.inst        25197                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst     26899015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst      1401873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        32985252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks       18806175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            18806175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks       18806175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst      4659167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data      3809339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.inst        25197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data         6872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst     26899015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data     33727420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst      1401873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1837095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            91172154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data       513664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus1.data          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.inst        79808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus2.data     23262144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::switch_cpus3.data        43584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::tsunami.ide       122816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24026112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst        79808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst          960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        83072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     12051648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12051648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data         8026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.inst         1247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus2.data       363471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::switch_cpus3.data          681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::tsunami.ide         1919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             375408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       188307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            188307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst        82463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data     18384697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus1.data        29778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2856431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus2.data    832582128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.inst        34360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::switch_cpus3.data      1559928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::tsunami.ide        4395743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            859925528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst        82463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus2.inst      2856431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus3.inst        34360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         2973254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      431344021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           431344021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      431344021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst        82463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data     18384697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus1.data        29778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.inst      2856431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus2.data    832582128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.inst        34360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::switch_cpus3.data      1559928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::tsunami.ide       4395743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1291269549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy                     0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower                    0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      31                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2440                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     653     39.06%     39.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                     92      5.50%     44.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      1.67%     46.23% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     46.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    898     53.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1672                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      651     45.78%     45.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                      92      6.47%     52.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      1.97%     54.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.07%     54.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     650     45.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1422                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27884516500     99.71%     99.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                6900000      0.02%     99.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 112000      0.00%     99.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31               73817000      0.26%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27966717500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996937                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.723831                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.850478                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.18%      0.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      3.15%      3.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1331     78.99%     82.31% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     60      3.56%     85.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.06%     85.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     220     13.06%     98.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      0.89%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1685                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              272                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 97                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 96                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.352941                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.523035                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       27894274000     99.73%     99.73% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user            75501500      0.27%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            12798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          483.643912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             326725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            13310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.547333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   483.643912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.944617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.944617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           471994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          471994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       112102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         112102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data       100360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        100360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data       212462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          212462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data       212462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         212462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         7067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         7067                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         12946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        12946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        12946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       117981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       107427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       107427                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       225408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       225408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data       225408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       225408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.049830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.065784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.089962                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089962                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.064644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.064644                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.057434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8299                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             4808                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1434567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             5320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           269.655451                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   511.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          1268284                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         1268284                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       626927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         626927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       626927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          626927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst       626927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         626927                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          4810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         4810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       631737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       631737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       631737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       631737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst       631737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       631737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.007614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             4808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       498                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     118     26.70%     26.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      6.33%     33.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.23%     33.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    295     66.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 442                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      118     44.70%     44.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      28     10.61%     55.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.38%     55.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     117     44.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  264                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27896864500     99.94%     99.94% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     99.95% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               14757000      0.05%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27913158000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.396610                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597285                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  384     81.88%     81.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     56     11.94%     93.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      29      6.18%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   469                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 29                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               97                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          445.540817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              39261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            79.315152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   445.540817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.870197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            26973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses           26973                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         8409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           8409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data         4652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4652                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           90                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           13061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data        13061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          13061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           33                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           19                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         8533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data         4685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        13218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data        13218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        13218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.014532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.007044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.081633                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.081633                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.193878                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.193878                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.011878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.011878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           27                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               27                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           27450493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         42691.279938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          496                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            77269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           77269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          38438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total           38438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst        38438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total          38438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        38569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        38569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total        38569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst        38569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total        38569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.003397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              131                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      25                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                    128414                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                   28593     49.60%     49.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      6      0.01%     49.61% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      0.05%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.00%     49.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                  29019     50.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total               57647                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                    28593     49.97%     49.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       6      0.01%     49.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      0.05%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.00%     50.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                   28592     49.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                57220                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             25625471000     92.40%     92.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 429000      0.00%     92.40% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     92.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 164500      0.00%     92.41% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31             2105475500      7.59%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27732912000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.985286                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.992593                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      0.01%      0.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      0.01%      0.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                     11372     99.92%     99.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         2      0.02%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      0.01%     99.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      0.01%     99.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      0.01%     99.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        1      0.01%     99.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::124                       1      0.01%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                 11381                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   47      0.05%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.00%      0.05% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                46164     44.46%     44.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                   6192      5.96%     50.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%     50.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                   11448     11.02%     61.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys               11390     10.97%     72.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.00%     72.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28592     27.53%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                103842                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            11496                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user              11416                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel              11417                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                11416                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.993128                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.996552                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       24549461500     88.74%     88.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user          3114594500     11.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      47                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           705204                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.270795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           16767598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           705595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.763771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data   511.270795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.998576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         35635594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        35635594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      9635635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9635635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data      6621055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6621055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       245544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       245544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       257251                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       257251                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16256690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        16256690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data     16256690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       16256690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       473674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       473674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       218493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       218493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13399                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13399                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       692167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        692167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       692167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       692167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     10109309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10109309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data      6839548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6839548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       258943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       258943                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       257313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       257313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16948857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16948857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data     16948857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16948857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.046855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.046855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.031946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.051745                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.051745                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.000241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000241                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.040839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       342471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           342471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements           624888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           71391268                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           625400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.152971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   511.999377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        111215893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       111215893                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54670607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       54670607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54670607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        54670607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst     54670607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       54670607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       624893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        624893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       624893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55295500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     55295500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55295500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     55295500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst     55295500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     55295500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks       624888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total           624888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      30                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1325                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     225     32.99%     32.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     28      4.11%     37.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.44%     37.54% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    426     62.46%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 682                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      225     46.88%     46.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      28      5.83%     52.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.62%     53.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     224     46.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  480                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             27889477000     99.91%     99.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22                1372000      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                 351500      0.00%     99.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31               22273500      0.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         27913474000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.525822                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.703812                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.13%      0.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   58      7.40%      7.53% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.64%      8.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  555     70.79%     78.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     57      7.27%     86.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                      97     12.37%     98.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.15%     99.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.26%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   784                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              155                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.432258                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.603604                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      228191497500    100.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user             8194500      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             2130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          461.078969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             260488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           100.496914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data   461.078969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.900545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           112406                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          112406                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        32765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data        18706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          547                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          547                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data        51471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           51471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data        51471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          51471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          2396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         2396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         2396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        34478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        19389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          567                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        53867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data        53867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.049684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.080986                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.080986                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.035273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035273                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.044480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             1193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            8849013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          4391.569727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           374011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          374011                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       184751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         184751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       184751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          184751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst       184751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         184751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       186254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       186254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       186254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       186254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst       186254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       186254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.008070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total             1503                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   122880                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         17                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 623                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2522                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2522                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       122936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   126496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1927                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                17343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               17343                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                7                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1920                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36225                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17834                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1401                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           11098                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5816                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         5282                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadResp              11694                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteReq                432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WriteResp               432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8326                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4062                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              224                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            149                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             373                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           4941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          6201                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        40826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side          461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_count::total                  55231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side       562240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side      1361251                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        13952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache0.cpu_side        11240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.pkt_size::total                 1948683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus0.snoops                           809337                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::samples            846064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::mean             0.022231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.184995                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::0                  832537     98.40%     98.40% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::1                    8245      0.97%     99.38% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::2                    5282      0.62%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus0.snoop_fanout::total              846064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_requests       2668211                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1334182                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        52771                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           36135                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        30656                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         5479                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                  64                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            1115292                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteReq                170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WriteResp               170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       343664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::WritebackClean       601738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           335746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             82                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq            218938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           218938                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         626396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        488832                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      1850425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side      2089102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         4105                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side         6956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_count::total                3950588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     78434048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side     67062309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       166528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache1.cpu_side       230328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.pkt_size::total               145893213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus1.snoops                           463380                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::samples           3131655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::mean             0.047035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.219837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::0                 2989846     95.47%     95.47% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::1                  136320      4.35%     99.82% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::2                    5489      0.18%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::3                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::4                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus1.snoop_fanout::total             3131655                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2cache0.tags.replacements               11966                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache0.tags.tagsinuse            3947.782947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache0.tags.total_refs                 52040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.sampled_refs               15953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.avg_refs                3.262082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache0.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1745.040118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst   318.101536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data   955.965195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.inst   395.725899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data   532.950199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.426035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.077662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.233390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.inst     0.096613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.130115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_percent::total      0.963814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          908                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.973389                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache0.tags.tag_accesses              297741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache0.tags.data_accesses             297741                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4062                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_hits::total         4062                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_hits::total             390                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2740                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          120                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         2860                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus1.data           84                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         2548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::switch_cpus1.data           84                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.demand_hits::total               5798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.inst         2740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data         2854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.inst          120                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::switch_cpus1.data           84                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.overall_hits::total              5798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          203                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          221                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         6472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_misses::total          6484                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2070                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         3593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         3605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.demand_misses::total            12170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst         2070                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data        10065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.inst           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.overall_misses::total           12170                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4062                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4062                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data          127                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          141                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         6874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         4941                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         6057                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           96                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         6153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_accesses::total          17968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst         4810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data        12919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.inst          131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data          108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_accesses::total         17968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.995098                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.995495                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.928571                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.992908                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.943165                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.943264                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.430353                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.083969                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.421170                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.593198                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.585893                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.430353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.779085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.083969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.demand_miss_rate::total      0.677315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst     0.430353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.779085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.inst     0.083969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.677315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache0.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache0.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache0.writebacks::writebacks           5575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.writebacks::total                5575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache0.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2cache1.tags.replacements              400997                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache1.tags.tagsinuse            3957.723094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache1.tags.total_refs               2122400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.sampled_refs              404331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.avg_refs                5.249165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache1.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1579.448896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst   272.241906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data  2093.921536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     5.138095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     6.972662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.385608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.066465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.511211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.001254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.001702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_percent::total      0.966241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.813965                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache1.tags.tag_accesses            21543416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache1.tags.data_accesses           21543416                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       343664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_hits::total       343664                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       601738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_hits::total       601738                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data           52                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_hits::total             56                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data        53983                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_hits::total           54054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       611903                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          876                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       612779                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data       272202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus3.data          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       272902                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       611903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data       326185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::switch_cpus3.data          771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.demand_hits::total             939735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.inst       611903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data       326185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.inst          876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::switch_cpus3.data          771                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.overall_hits::total            939735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data          100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_misses::total          121                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       164308                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_misses::total        164875                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12990                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          627                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13617                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data       214773                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       215766                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data       379081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.demand_misses::total           394258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        12990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data       379081                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data         1560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.overall_misses::total          394258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       343664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       343664                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       601738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.WritebackClean_accesses::total       601738                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data          152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           56                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            9                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       218291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          638                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_accesses::total       218929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       626396                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       486975                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         1693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       488668                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       705266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_accesses::total        1333993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst       624893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data       705266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst         1503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data         2331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_accesses::total       1333993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.657895                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.840000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.683616                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.752702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.888715                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.753098                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020788                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417166                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.021739                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.441035                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.586533                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.441539                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.537501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.669241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.demand_miss_rate::total      0.295547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst     0.020788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.537501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst     0.417166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data     0.669241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache1.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2cache1.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2cache1.writebacks::writebacks         189290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.writebacks::total              189290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache1.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadReq                616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadResp             32986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteReq               602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WriteResp              602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::CleanEvict           17523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           206                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExReq             7933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadExResp            7922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        32370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.trans_dist::InvalidateResp         1920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        11089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side        24098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total        37155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        76999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total        77467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_count::total                120403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port       293248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       841280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2699                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.l2cache0.mem_side::total      1137227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      2280704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.numa_caches1.mem_side::total      2281565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.numa_caches0.cpu_side       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.pkt_size::total                3542120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus0.snoops                          742861                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::samples           821027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::mean            2.904228                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.294278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::2                  78631      9.58%      9.58% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::3                 742396     90.42%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::min_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus0.snoop_fanout::total             821027                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadReq                 64                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadResp            231865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteReq               170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WriteResp              170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       196081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::CleanEvict          201015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           172661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadExResp          172652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1097421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side        79942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total      1177363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        29821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total        29821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_count::total               1207184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     35030272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::system.numa_caches1.cpu_side      2317149                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.l2cache1.mem_side::total     37347421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1087616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size_system.numa_caches0.mem_side::total      1087616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.pkt_size::total               38435037                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus1.snoops                           42911                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::samples           846683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::mean            1.050379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.218726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::1                 804028     94.96%     94.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::2                  42655      5.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus1.snoop_fanout::total             846683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.numa_caches0.tags.replacements            9124                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches0.tags.tagsinuse          15.691701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches0.tags.total_refs                72                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.sampled_refs            9140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.avg_refs            0.007877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches0.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14.777772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.inst     0.001322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus0.data     0.492838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus1.data     0.419492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.000278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.923611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus0.data     0.030802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus1.data     0.026218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_percent::total     0.980731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches0.tags.tag_accesses          171511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches0.tags.data_accesses         171511                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         6788                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6788                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.demand_hits::total              1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.overall_hits::total             1                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_misses::total          100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         5856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_misses::total         5865                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus0.data         2371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2418                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.demand_misses::total         8283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus0.data         8227                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.overall_misses::total         8283                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         6788                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6788                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           98                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         5857                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_accesses::total         5866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         2371                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus1.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         2418                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_accesses::total         8284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus0.data         8228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::switch_cpus1.data           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_accesses::total         8284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus1.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches0.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches0.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::writebacks         6791                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.writebacks::total            6791                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches0.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.numa_caches1.tags.replacements           34219                       # number of replacements
system.numa_caches1.tags.tagsinuse          15.879617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.numa_caches1.tags.total_refs               362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.sampled_refs           34234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.avg_refs            0.010574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.numa_caches1.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4.938400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.inst     4.149715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus2.data     6.621846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.inst     0.109062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus3.data     0.060596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.308650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.inst     0.259357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus2.data     0.413865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.inst     0.006816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus3.data     0.003787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.numa_caches1.tags.tag_accesses          443073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.numa_caches1.tags.data_accesses         443073                       # Number of data accesses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         7774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::switch_cpus2.data          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          121                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::switch_cpus2.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.demand_hits::total            285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::switch_cpus2.data          285                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.overall_hits::total           285                       # number of overall hits
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data         1438                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_misses::total         1456                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus2.data        13463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        26677                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.demand_misses::total        28133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus2.data        14901                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.overall_misses::total        28133                       # number of overall misses
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         7774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data           38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data            8                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data         1602                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1620                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        13584                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          859                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        26798                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_accesses::total        28418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.inst        11743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus2.data        15186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.inst          612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::switch_cpus3.data          877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_accesses::total        28418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.897628                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.898765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.991092                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995485                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.demand_miss_rate::total     0.989971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus2.data     0.981233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus3.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.overall_miss_rate::total     0.989971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.numa_caches1.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.numa_caches1.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::writebacks         7503                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.writebacks::total            7503                       # number of writebacks
system.numa_caches1.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_hits              119993                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_misses               371                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.read_accesses           34049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_hits             109872                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_misses              106                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_acv                   5                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.write_accesses          15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_hits              229865                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_misses               477                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_acv                    5                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.data_accesses           49565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_hits             181731                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_misses              152                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus0.itb.fetch_accesses         181883                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus0.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                55933799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus0.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             631255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               631255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses       607022                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses          3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls              22629                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts        58735                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts              607022                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                 3618                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads       849026                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes       429167                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads         2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes         2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               231190                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             121016                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts            110174                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles      55301328.216244                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles      632470.783756                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction        0.011307                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction            0.988693                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                    86950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass        10520      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu           368225     58.29%     59.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             814      0.13%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     60.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd           1172      0.19%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     60.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv            227      0.04%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          125713     19.90%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite         110297     17.46%     97.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess         14769      2.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total            631737                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_hits                8631                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_hits               4812                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_hits               13443                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_hits               5971                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus1.itb.fetch_accesses           5971                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus1.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                55826345                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus1.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts              38569                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                38569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses        36735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls               1658                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts         2504                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts               36735                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads        49770                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes        29153                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                13472                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts               8631                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts              4841                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles      55787841.673321                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles      38503.326679                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction        0.000690                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction            0.999310                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.Branches                     5017                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass          252      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu            22474     58.27%     58.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult             142      0.37%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead            8831     22.90%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite           4841     12.55%     94.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess          2029      5.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total             38569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_hits            10334417                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_misses             23927                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.read_accesses         2375285                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_hits            7108277                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_misses              335                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_acv                  12                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.write_accesses         500037                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_hits            17442694                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_misses             24262                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_acv                   12                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.dtb.data_accesses         2875322                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_hits            7033547                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_misses              263                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus2.itb.fetch_accesses        7033810                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus2.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus2.numCycles                55465587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus2.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus2.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus2.committedInsts           55271226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus2.committedOps             55271226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_alu_accesses     53589242                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_alu_accesses         91284                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus2.num_func_calls            1792161                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus2.num_conditional_control_insts      5616169                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_insts            53589242                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_insts                91284                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_reads     73944905                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_int_register_writes     40291832                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_reads        59031                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus2.num_fp_register_writes        58983                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus2.num_mem_refs             17501038                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus2.num_load_insts           10392243                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_store_insts           7108795                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus2.num_idle_cycles      579450.130293                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.num_busy_cycles      54886136.869707                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus2.not_idle_fraction        0.989553                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.idle_fraction            0.010447                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus2.Branches                  7804263                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::No_OpClass       629153      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntAlu         35897482     64.92%     66.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntMult           59558      0.11%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     66.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatAdd          31726      0.06%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCmp              1      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatCvt          17480      0.03%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatMult             1      0.00%     66.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatDiv           5841      0.01%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemRead        10907350     19.73%     85.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::MemWrite        7117432     12.87%     98.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::IprAccess        629476      1.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus2.op_class::total          55295500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_hits                  0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_misses                0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.fetch_accesses              0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_hits               34500                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_misses               327                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_acv                   12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.read_accesses            1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_hits              19880                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_misses               38                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_acv                   9                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.write_accesses            875                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_hits               54380                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_misses               365                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_acv                   21                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.dtb.data_accesses            2701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_hits              29466                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_misses              125                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_acv                   0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus3.itb.fetch_accesses          29591                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_acv                    0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_acv                   0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_hits                   0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_misses                 0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_acv                    0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus3.itb.data_accesses               0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus3.numCycles                55826978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus3.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.inst.hwrei                 0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::user            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_good::idle            0                      
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus3.kern.swap_context               0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.switch_cpus3.committedInsts             185868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus3.committedOps               185868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_alu_accesses       178545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_alu_accesses           297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus3.num_func_calls               4707                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus3.num_conditional_control_insts        19701                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_insts              178545                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_insts                  297                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_reads       239230                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_int_register_writes       137276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_reads          153                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus3.num_fp_register_writes          155                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus3.num_mem_refs                55517                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus3.num_load_insts              35385                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_store_insts             20132                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus3.num_idle_cycles      55640804.212264                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.num_busy_cycles      186173.787736                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus3.not_idle_fraction        0.003335                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.idle_fraction            0.996665                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus3.Branches                    26414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::No_OpClass         3100      1.66%      1.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntAlu           117530     63.10%     64.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntMult             257      0.14%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     64.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatAdd             25      0.01%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatDiv              3      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemRead           36628     19.67%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::MemWrite          20143     10.81%     95.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::IprAccess          8568      4.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus3.op_class::total            186254                       # Class of executed instruction
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
