
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.289857                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                289856918500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2578481733000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 456861                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   456861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              154892138                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1871.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854945461                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     854945461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               2020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       446013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               446013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        76176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               76176                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       522189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              522189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       2020                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     2020                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                124224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   5056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  19328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 129280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               22080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    79                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   18                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12              42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15              50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 289856529000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 2020                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   109.496933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    86.707464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.411058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          950     72.85%     72.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          239     18.33%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78      5.98%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      0.84%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      0.46%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.31%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.54%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.08%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    112.882353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    67.456441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   196.612208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           10     58.82%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            4     23.53%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.764706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.752297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.664211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2     11.76%     11.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              15     88.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    26205750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               62599500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   9705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13501.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32251.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     751                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                38.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               55.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 122560900.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   41.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 7166880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 3910500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               10662600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               1114560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          7635205575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        167213172750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          193802887425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.628889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 278172032250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2002026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                 2683800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 1464375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                4375800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                842400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          6674674635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        168055743750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          193671439320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.175387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 279580230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    593139250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            184704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        43392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          43392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               2886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               678                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       637225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               637225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       149701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              149701                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       786926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              786926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       2886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       678                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     2886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     678                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                157248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  27456                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  19072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 184704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               43392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   429                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 289856326500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 2886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 678                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   2419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    95.082747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    78.595266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   101.976942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1512     81.77%     81.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          230     12.44%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           67      3.62%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      0.76%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      0.27%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.38%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.27%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.11%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    143.588235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    76.833659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   226.114202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           11     64.71%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            2     11.76%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2     11.76%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.529412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.515144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.717430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               2     11.76%     11.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               4     23.53%     35.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              11     64.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    32751250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               78820000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  12285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13329.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32079.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     723                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    178                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                29.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  81328935.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   32.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                10500840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 5729625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               13923000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               1127520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          8478183420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        166473718500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          193914837465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.015122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 276934786500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3239110000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                 3462480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 1889250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                5163600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                803520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          6934413375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        167827902750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          193705289535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.292172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 279198038750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    974417500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            136512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          20544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               2133                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       470963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               470963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        70876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               70876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       541840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              541840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       2133                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     2133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                130944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  17216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 136512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               20544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   34                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14              50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 289855611500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 2133                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         1424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   103.325843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    82.658472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   115.035247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1104     77.53%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          217     15.24%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           61      4.28%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           15      1.05%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      0.49%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.35%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.42%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.14%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         1424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    135.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    78.277762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   217.323262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           10     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            1      6.67%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            1      6.67%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.933333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.931540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.258199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      6.67%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              14     93.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    26226250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               64588750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  10230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12818.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31568.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    171                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                34.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               59.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 118115571.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   37.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                 7408800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 4042500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               10943400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               1017360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy          7619523165                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        167226929250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          193801519035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.624168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 278193141000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1979376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                 3281040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 1790250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                4914000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                609120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          6890260320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        167866633500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          193699142790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.270965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 279262936500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    909547500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       143168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            143168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        29888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          29888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         2237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               2237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       493926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               493926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       103113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              103113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       597039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              597039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       2237                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       467                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     2237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     467                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                127424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  15744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  18112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 143168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               29888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  159                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7               91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 289856750000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 2237                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 467                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         1350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.282963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.297224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   117.196135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1008     74.67%     74.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          234     17.33%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69      5.11%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      0.96%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639            6      0.44%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.44%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.37%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.15%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         1350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    123.125000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    73.362591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   212.765873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           10     62.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            2     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            1      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      6.25%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.687500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.677508                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.602080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      6.25%      6.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               3     18.75%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              12     75.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    27545750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               64877000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                   9955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13835.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32585.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     743                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    173                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                37.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               56.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 107195543.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   39.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                 6826680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 3724875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               10319400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               1069200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          7502311215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        167329746750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          193785652680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.569428                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 278366698000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1807280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                 3379320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 1843875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                5124600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                764640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         18931654560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          6931066905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        167830838250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          193704672150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.290042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 279203597250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   9678760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    969346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    40649099                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                        16                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                15010397                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   28075655                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5734562                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    68724754                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                        18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                20744959                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                  128099422                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                        9                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses              128099431                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5156256162                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  213825258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    213825258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            171362250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              45477167                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    6548334                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     12495429                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   171362250                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     45477167                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          284914425                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         121860281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            52679886                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           36765378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     68727502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   40651534                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  28075968                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              59246601.977913                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5097009560.022086                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.988510                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.011490                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         22133427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              9475975      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 93373354     43.67%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    2703      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd               18175709      8.50%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                2289300      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                2611503      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult               7019800      3.28%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 477901      0.22%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                102400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                40655596     19.01%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               28076565     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess              11564470      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 213825276                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                   1830010                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                  608452     49.88%     49.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      0.02%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 611024     50.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total             1219781                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                   608452     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                  608445     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total              1217202                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            239907013500     82.87%     82.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               86910500      0.03%     82.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7138000      0.00%     82.90% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            49502224000     17.10%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        289503286000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.995779                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.997886                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               611966     33.45%     33.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                    595      0.03%     33.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                  607510     33.20%     66.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.19%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total               1829678                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607510                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user             607383                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel             607383                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user               607383                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999791                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999895                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      183581555500     58.57%     58.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user        129880356500     41.43%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    40610269                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                        22                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                15011510                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   28052513                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5734562                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                    68662782                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                        24                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                20746072                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                  128102630                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       10                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses              128102640                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5156254837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  213671289                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    213671289                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            171209836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              45482072                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    6537753                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     12484603                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   171209836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     45482072                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          284720427                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         121744029                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            52687086                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           36770478                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     68665536                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   40612710                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  28052826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              33605206.641699                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              5122649630.358301                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.993483                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.006517                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         22110469                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              9475733      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 93283581     43.66%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2107      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               18177309      8.51%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                2289100      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                2611703      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult               7021800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 478101      0.22%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                102400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                40614662     19.01%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               28052828     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess              11561989      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 213671313                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       8                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                   1829360                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                  608408     49.91%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      0.02%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      8      0.00%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                 610412     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total             1219125                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                   608408     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       8      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                  608401     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total              1217114                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            240750425000     83.01%     83.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               94861000      0.03%     83.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                7309000      0.00%     83.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            49188231500     16.96%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290040826500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996706                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998350                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                    2      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl               611312     33.42%     33.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                    594      0.03%     33.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                  607508     33.21%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.20%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total               1829021                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607501                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user             607403                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  9                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel             607404                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user               607403                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    1                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999840                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.111111                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999914                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      156408836000     49.65%     49.65% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user        131543196000     41.76%     91.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle         27046737000      8.59%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       2                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    40628415                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                        89                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                15011548                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                   28069634                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       27                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                5735362                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                    68698049                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       116                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                20746910                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                  128110051                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       45                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses              128110096                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5156963466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  213774598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    213774598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            171305112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses              45480564                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    6540831                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     12496823                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   171305112                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                     45480564                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          284847956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         121809973                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads            52685317                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes           36768616                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     68701097                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   40631080                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  28070017                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              18038942.543593                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5138924523.456408                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996502                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003498                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         22127360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              9479127      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 93343100     43.66%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2263      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     48.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               18177344      8.50%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                2289200      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                2611603      1.22%     58.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult               7020800      3.28%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                 478001      0.22%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                102400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                40636732     19.01%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               28070067     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess              11564077      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 213774714                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                   1829745                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                  608489     49.90%     49.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      0.02%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      7      0.00%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                 610502     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total             1219295                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                   608489     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       7      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                  608488     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total              1217281                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0            240464514000     82.96%     82.96% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               86776000      0.03%     82.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5762000      0.00%     82.99% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31            49295564000     17.01%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total        289852616000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996701                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998348                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::74                        4      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                607209                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                   16      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   13      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl               611473     33.43%     33.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    598      0.03%     33.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                  607521     33.21%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys              607215     33.19%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique               2447      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total               1829283                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607534                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user             607424                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel             607424                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user               607424                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999819                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999909                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      157679511500     54.40%     54.40% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user        132173103500     45.60%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      13                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                    40610744                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                        89                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                15009961                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                   28053258                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        8                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                5734568                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                    68664002                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                        97                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                20744529                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                  128096729                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       32                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses              128096761                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5156963466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  213674316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    213674316                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            171216070                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses              45475385                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                    6538093                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     12486108                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   171216070                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                     45475385                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          284718550                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         121749704                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads            52677123                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes           36763612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     68666924                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   40613315                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  28053609                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2134880.320617                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5154828585.679382                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.999586                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000414                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         22112938                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              9476055      4.43%      4.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 93288270     43.66%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2115      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     48.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd               18173314      8.51%     56.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                2289200      1.07%     57.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                2611603      1.22%     58.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult               7020800      3.29%     62.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 478001      0.22%     62.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                102400      0.05%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                40616024     19.01%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               28053630     13.13%     94.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess              11563001      5.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 213674413                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                   1829509                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                  608423     49.91%     49.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                    297      0.02%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                     10      0.00%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                 610428     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total             1219158                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                   608423     49.99%     49.99% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                     297      0.02%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                      10      0.00%     50.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                  608423     49.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total              1217153                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0            241063575500     83.01%     83.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               94910000      0.03%     83.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                9687000      0.00%     83.05% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31            49226925500     16.95%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total        290395098000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.996715                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.998355                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::1                         1      0.00%      0.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::256                  202400     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::257                  404800     66.67%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                607201                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                   10      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   10      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl               611347     33.42%     33.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                    597      0.03%     33.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                  607508     33.21%     66.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys              607202     33.20%     99.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdunique               2403      0.13%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total               1829077                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel           607518                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user             607395                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel             607395                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user               607395                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.999798                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.999899                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      183602592000     57.97%     57.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user        133123381000     42.03%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      10                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    10081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2777500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              654500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy              398000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                8199802                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  9.969317                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                 9.341843                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.862943                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1343793     16.39%     16.39% |     4767165     58.14%     74.53% |     1541547     18.80%     93.33% |      465462      5.68%     99.00% |       10666      0.13%     99.13% |        1052      0.01%     99.14% |       13667      0.17%     99.31% |       50062      0.61%     99.92% |        6388      0.08%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  8199802                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples   1127275075                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1127275075    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total    1127275075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples          1127275073                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.045516                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.005209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              1.245801                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |  1127266098    100.00%    100.00% |        8800      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total            1127275073                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples      1125553933                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1125553933    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total        1125553933                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1721140                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         30.810956                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        30.046229                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        11.365434                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1712165     99.48%     99.48% |        8800      0.51%     99.99% |          42      0.00%     99.99% |          38      0.00%     99.99% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1721140                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67747683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       371825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68119508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    213811234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        14042                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213825276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67644555                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       413144                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68057699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    213662705                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         8608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213671313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67640000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       453143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68093143                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    213762739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        11975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213774714                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits     67619517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       439489                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68059006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits    213665500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         8914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses    213674414                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      1708085                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        13055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      1721140                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads     15422681                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes     15422681                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15438840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15422681                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8217037                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8213449                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity     15422681                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads      6461499                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes      6461499                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6461530                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6461499                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2887455                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2887455                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity      6461499                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads      5546361                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes      5546361                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5550411                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5546361                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3512381                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3511637                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity      5546361                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads      4044159                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes      4044159                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4044208                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4044159                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2145191                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2145191                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity      4044159                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     3583152     23.23%     23.23% |    10254263     66.47%     89.70% |     1588491     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     15425906                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     3583152     23.23%     23.23% |    10254263     66.47%     89.70% |     1588491     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     15425906                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    35047989                       |   106489815                       |    12923437                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     7166304                       |    18837119                       |     1588500                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |    9.781329                       |   10.384931                       |    8.135669                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |           2                       |    1.837004                       |    1.000006                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.013107                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.788674                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         11.801781                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.080903                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.004711      5.82%      5.82% |    0.004709      5.82%     11.64% |    0.004708      5.82%     17.46% |    0.004712      5.82%     23.29% |    0.013419     16.59%     39.87% |    0.013436     16.61%     56.48% |    0.013433     16.60%     73.08% |    0.013440     16.61%     89.70% |    0.002084      2.58%     92.27% |    0.002084      2.58%     94.85% |    0.002084      2.58%     97.42% |    0.002084      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.080903                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       4873158                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         8.795113                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        8.323811                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.586911                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1060907     21.77%     21.77% |     3334365     68.42%     90.19% |      407934      8.37%     98.56% |          16      0.00%     98.56% |           0      0.00%     98.56% |          41      0.00%     98.57% |       13467      0.28%     98.84% |       50040      1.03%     99.87% |        6388      0.13%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         4873158                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3317179                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.697694                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.070880                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.598545                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      280699      8.46%      8.46% |     1426858     43.01%     51.48% |     1132335     34.14%     85.61% |      465392     14.03%     99.64% |       10662      0.32%     99.96% |        1011      0.03%     99.99% |         200      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3317179                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          9465                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.780137                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.383390                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.618120                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2187     23.11%     23.11% |        5942     62.78%     85.88% |        1278     13.50%     99.39% |          54      0.57%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            9465                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples        162502823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.291884                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.034274                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           3.041227                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |   162498687    100.00%    100.00% |        4048      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total          162502823                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples    160891033                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   160891033    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total      160891033                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1611790                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      30.428135                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     29.894556                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev      8.664702                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1607654     99.74%     99.74% |        4048      0.25%     99.99% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1611790                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples        109815616                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.020102                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.002055                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           1.002173                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |   109813717    100.00%    100.00% |        1871      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total          109815616                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples    109750791                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   109750791    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total      109750791                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        64825                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean      35.053467                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     32.393102                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     23.290661                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       62926     97.07%     97.07% |        1871      2.89%     99.96% |           6      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.01%     99.97% |          13      0.02%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         64825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    854945717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.001908                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000177                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.378403                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   854942820    100.00%    100.00% |        2838      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      854945717                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    854902178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   854902178    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    854902178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples        43539                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    38.466341                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    32.275699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    37.524294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |       40642     93.35%     93.35% |        2838      6.52%     99.86% |          12      0.03%     99.89% |          13      0.03%     99.92% |          21      0.05%     99.97% |          13      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total        43539                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples         5481                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean     7.940887                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     1.899403                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    19.206631                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |        4966     90.60%     90.60% |         464      8.47%     99.07% |           8      0.15%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |          12      0.22%     99.43% |          26      0.47%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total         5481                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples         4496                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total         4496                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples          985                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean    39.622335                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean    35.510427                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    28.802056                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |         470     47.72%     47.72% |         464     47.11%     94.82% |           8      0.81%     95.63% |           0      0.00%     95.63% |          12      1.22%     96.85% |          26      2.64%     99.49% |           5      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total          985                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples         5436                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.008830                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.000716                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     0.651031                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |        5435     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total         5436                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples         5435                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total         5435                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean           49                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    49.000000                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        2020     21.78%     21.78% |        2886     31.11%     52.89% |        2133     22.99%     75.88% |        2237     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         9276                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         345     19.05%     19.05% |         678     37.44%     56.49% |         321     17.73%     74.21% |         467     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         1811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        2020     21.78%     21.78% |        2886     31.11%     52.89% |        2133     22.99%     75.88% |        2237     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         9276                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         345     19.05%     19.05% |         678     37.44%     56.49% |         321     17.73%     74.21% |         467     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         1811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         657     19.27%     19.27% |        1200     35.20%     54.47% |         799     23.44%     77.91% |         753     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         3409                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        2020     21.78%     21.78% |        2886     31.11%     52.89% |        2133     22.99%     75.88% |        2237     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         9276                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         345     19.05%     19.05% |         678     37.44%     56.49% |         321     17.73%     74.21% |         467     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         1811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         657     19.27%     19.27% |        1200     35.20%     54.47% |         799     23.44%     77.91% |         753     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         3409                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        2020     21.78%     21.78% |        2886     31.11%     52.89% |        2133     22.99%     75.88% |        2237     24.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         9276                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         345     19.05%     19.05% |         678     37.44%     56.49% |         321     17.73%     74.21% |         467     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         1811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    40649478     25.01%     25.01% |    40611721     24.99%     50.01% |    40629443     25.00%     75.01% |    40612224     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    162502866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   213825276     25.01%     25.01% |   213671313     24.99%     50.00% |   213774714     25.00%     75.01% |   213674414     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    854945717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    27470058     25.01%     25.01% |    27445981     24.99%     50.00% |    27463703     25.01%     75.01% |    27446794     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    109826536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1139     16.66%     16.66% |        1474     21.56%     38.22% |        2727     39.89%     78.10% |        1497     21.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      383034     22.38%     22.38% |      419841     24.53%     46.91% |      462137     27.00%     73.91% |      446437     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1711449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         261     28.56%     28.56% |         228     24.95%     53.50% |         291     31.84%     85.34% |         134     14.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1119     65.29%     65.29% |         147      8.58%     73.86% |         256     14.94%     88.80% |         192     11.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           3     14.29%     23.81% |          10     47.62%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      332754     22.01%     22.01% |      370154     24.49%     46.50% |      416385     27.55%     74.05% |      392208     25.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1511501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         167      9.74%      9.74% |         349     20.36%     30.11% |         964     56.24%     86.35% |         234     13.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       51813     25.09%     25.09% |       51175     24.78%     49.87% |       47662     23.08%     72.95% |       55855     27.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       206505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1736     83.34%     83.34% |          90      4.32%     87.66% |         131      6.29%     93.95% |         126      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1133     79.79%     79.79% |          74      5.21%     85.00% |         107      7.54%     92.54% |         106      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      343630     21.85%     21.85% |      389084     24.74%     46.58% |      428049     27.21%     73.79% |      412229     26.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1572992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      359065     22.31%     22.31% |      392969     24.41%     46.72% |      439287     27.29%     74.01% |      418331     25.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1609652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       13561     32.64%     32.64% |        8115     19.53%     52.18% |       11465     27.60%     79.78% |        8400     20.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        41541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11333     17.72%     17.72% |       19618     30.67%     48.39% |       12401     19.39%     67.78% |       20610     32.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        63962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         185     16.46%     16.46% |         194     17.26%     33.72% |         499     44.40%     78.11% |         246     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         156      7.30%      7.30% |         374     17.49%     24.79% |        1220     57.06%     81.85% |         388     18.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         2138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         481     24.07%     24.07% |         493     24.67%     48.75% |         510     25.53%     74.27% |         514     25.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         140     31.11%     31.11% |         112     24.89%     56.00% |         138     30.67%     86.67% |          60     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         296     18.45%     18.45% |         439     27.37%     45.82% |         521     32.48%     78.30% |         348     21.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    12930925     25.00%     25.00% |    12931258     25.00%     50.00% |    12935485     25.01%     75.01% |    12926956     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     51724624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   213811234     25.01%     25.01% |   213662705     24.99%     50.00% |   213762739     25.00%     75.01% |   213665500     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    854902178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1131     80.84%     80.84% |          71      5.08%     85.92% |          97      6.93%     92.85% |         100      7.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1399                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         833     16.71%     16.71% |        1001     20.08%     36.78% |        2079     41.70%     78.48% |        1073     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       39108     28.58%     28.58% |       30318     22.15%     50.73% |       33567     24.53%     75.26% |       33860     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       136853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      306612     30.33%     30.33% |      252464     24.97%     55.30% |      208284     20.60%     75.91% |      243538     24.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1010898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1804     25.07%     25.07% |        1147     15.94%     41.01% |        1387     19.27%     60.28% |        2858     39.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         7196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          24      8.00%      8.00% |         150     50.00%     58.00% |          31     10.33%     68.33% |          95     31.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      330728     22.00%     22.00% |      368663     24.53%     46.53% |      414627     27.59%     74.12% |      389038     25.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1503056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.94%      0.94% |         105     99.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |          95     23.40%     23.40% |          95     23.40%     46.80% |         104     25.62%     72.41% |         112     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    27052692     25.01%     25.01% |    27034653     25.00%     50.01% |    27045167     25.01%     75.01% |    27022999     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    108155511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    27455650     25.02%     25.02% |    27425033     24.99%     50.00% |    27449677     25.01%     75.01% |    27423166     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    109753526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          94     24.16%     24.16% |         122     31.36%     55.53% |         104     26.74%     82.26% |          69     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       12902     18.45%     18.45% |       20421     29.20%     47.65% |       13422     19.19%     66.84% |       23191     33.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        69936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         261     32.30%     32.30% |         227     28.09%     60.40% |         186     23.02%     83.42% |         134     16.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1024     78.29%     78.29% |          52      3.98%     82.26% |         152     11.62%     93.88% |          80      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      332754     22.01%     22.01% |      370154     24.49%     46.50% |      416385     27.55%     74.05% |      392208     25.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1511501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         167      9.74%      9.74% |         349     20.36%     30.11% |         964     56.24%     86.35% |         234     13.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       40342     28.39%     28.39% |       31448     22.13%     50.52% |       35131     24.72%     75.24% |       35190     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       142111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           3     14.29%     23.81% |          10     47.62%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11471     17.81%     17.81% |       19727     30.64%     48.45% |       12529     19.46%     67.91% |       20664     32.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        64391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1736     83.50%     83.50% |          88      4.23%     87.73% |         130      6.25%     93.99% |         125      6.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1133     79.79%     79.79% |          74      5.21%     85.00% |         107      7.54%     92.54% |         106      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          28     65.12%     65.12% |           3      6.98%     72.09% |           0      0.00%     72.09% |          12     27.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           7     20.00%     28.57% |          12     34.29%     62.86% |          13     37.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      343627     21.85%     21.85% |      389077     24.74%     46.58% |      428037     27.21%     73.79% |      412216     26.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1572957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           7     20.00%     28.57% |          12     34.29%     62.86% |          13     37.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR        43565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        1611989      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          64426      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         1434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        1572957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         1525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean         3695      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          9276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           5220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           1726      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean          412      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               2524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1785      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           1714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      1577312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         2358      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         4216      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        40229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        98284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         1399      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      1507377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        60774      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         1378      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         1633      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         1714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      1572957      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         5220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          132      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           2506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1473      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           92      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         4124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR          952      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS          107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         2450      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2702      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         1421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      1575891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE           32      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         1307      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean          406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         1713      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.032584                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 32583925500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2611065658500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               15477193                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 15477189                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              573669983                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 786340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    56.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   879089848                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     879089848                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       455168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            455168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       173504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         173504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               7112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         2711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              2711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13969097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             13969097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5324834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             5324834                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19293931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            19293931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       7112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      2711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     7112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    2711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                450048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   5120                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 173376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 455168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              173504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  32584003500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 7112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                2711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   6920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   157.981252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.712347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.367519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2373     60.12%     60.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          887     22.47%     82.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          270      6.84%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          132      3.34%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           86      2.18%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           84      2.13%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.81%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.46%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      1.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     46.629139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.294108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.066771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              1      0.66%      0.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            3      1.99%      2.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            5      3.31%      5.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            3      1.99%      7.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           18     11.92%     19.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           12      7.95%     27.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           19     12.58%     40.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           16     10.60%     50.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           19     12.58%     63.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            5      3.31%     66.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            8      5.30%     72.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           11      7.28%     79.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            6      3.97%     83.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            3      1.99%     85.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            8      5.30%     90.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.66%     91.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            6      3.97%     95.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      1.32%     96.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.66%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.66%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.66%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            2      1.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          151                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.940397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.937135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.331296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      2.65%      2.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.66%      3.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             146     96.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    69878000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              201728000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  35160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9937.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28687.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       13.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        5.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    13.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     5.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    4123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1674                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               61.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3317113.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   59.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                22778280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                12428625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               34374600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               9156240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         10054962450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        184641852750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          215835531105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.388933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28981189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2514778250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                16911720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 9227625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               35529000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              10355040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          9370520415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        185242240500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          215744762460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.107425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28578575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2918508000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       449664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            449664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       169408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         169408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               7026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         2647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              2647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13800179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             13800179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5199128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             5199128                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18999307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            18999307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       7026                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      2647                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     7026                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    2647                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                443264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 168704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 449664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              169408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  32583324000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 7026                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                2647                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   6847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.640301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.467714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   194.440776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2147     57.76%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          881     23.70%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          252      6.78%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          154      4.14%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           82      2.21%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      2.21%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           36      0.97%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.62%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           60      1.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     47.088435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.736582                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.862460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              1      0.68%      0.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            1      0.68%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            3      2.04%      3.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            3      2.04%      5.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            4      2.72%      8.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           11      7.48%     15.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           13      8.84%     24.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           22     14.97%     39.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           19     12.93%     52.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            9      6.12%     58.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      9.52%     68.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            6      4.08%     72.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           12      8.16%     80.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            5      3.40%     83.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            7      4.76%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      2.72%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.68%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            4      2.72%     94.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      1.36%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      1.36%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.68%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            2      1.36%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.68%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.931973                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.928032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.363768                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               5      3.40%      3.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             142     96.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    68412000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              198274500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  34630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9877.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28627.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       13.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        5.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    13.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     5.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    4183                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1662                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3368481.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                25106760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                13699125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               37268400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               9020160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         10853721405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        183941187000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          215939981010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.712873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29047905250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2449875250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                16964640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 9256500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               35848800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               9992160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          9570843495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        185066518500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          215769402255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.183842                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28665723750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2831761500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       447168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            447168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       168896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         168896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         6987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               6987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         2639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              2639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13723577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             13723577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5183415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total             5183415                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     18906991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            18906991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       6987                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      2639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     6987                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    2639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                440896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   6272                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 168960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 447168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              168896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    98                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  32585139500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 6987                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                2639                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   6810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   164.769272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.160346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.119591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2159     58.40%     58.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          852     23.05%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          243      6.57%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      4.14%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           91      2.46%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           82      2.22%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.05%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.46%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           61      1.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     46.945578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.229204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.241073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-3              1      0.68%      0.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             1      0.68%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            3      2.04%      3.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            3      2.04%      5.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            6      4.08%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            8      5.44%     14.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           17     11.56%     26.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           16     10.88%     37.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           20     13.61%     51.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           12      8.16%     59.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           12      8.16%     67.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           11      7.48%     74.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      6.12%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            6      4.08%     85.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            5      3.40%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      2.72%     91.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            2      1.36%     92.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      1.36%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      1.36%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      2.04%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            1      0.68%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            2      1.36%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.68%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.958904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.954922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.369094                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               4      2.74%      2.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.68%      3.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             138     94.52%     97.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      2.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    69545500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              198714250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  34445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10095.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28845.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       13.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        5.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    13.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     5.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    4135                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1698                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                60.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               64.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   3385117.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   61.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                21606480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                11789250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               33969000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               8657280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         10015946235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        184676077500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          215828023905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           669.365651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29017423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2480313000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                17085600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 9322500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               35630400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              10076400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy          9510502725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        185119449000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          215762044785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           669.161024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28690543750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2807839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       451520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            451520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       171456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         171456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         7055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               7055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         2679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              2679                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13857139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             13857139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3      5261981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total             5261981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19119121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            19119121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       7055                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      2679                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     7055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    2679                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                445952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 171328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 451520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              171456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  32583624500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 7055                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                2679                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   6882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   161.001043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.891965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.521134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2289     59.67%     59.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          865     22.55%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          255      6.65%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          140      3.65%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           84      2.19%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.96%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      1.12%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.60%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      1.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     46.818792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    43.551259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.256081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19            5      3.36%      3.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            3      2.01%      5.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            5      3.36%      8.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           15     10.07%     18.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           17     11.41%     30.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           17     11.41%     41.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           15     10.07%     51.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47            8      5.37%     57.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           14      9.40%     66.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           14      9.40%     75.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      5.37%     81.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            3      2.01%     83.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            5      3.36%     86.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      2.68%     89.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            4      2.68%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      2.01%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.67%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      1.34%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.67%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            2      1.34%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            2      1.34%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.966443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.963509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.316572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               3      2.01%      2.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.67%      2.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             143     95.97%     98.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      1.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    74192000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              204842000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  34840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10647.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29397.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       13.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        5.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    13.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     5.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     23.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    4155                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1657                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                59.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   3347403.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                21735000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                11859375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               33540000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               9201600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy          9864171765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        184809213000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          215809698900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           669.308818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29066490500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2429873000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                17456040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 9524625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               36277800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               9979200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         21059978160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy          9619697340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        185023664250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          215776577415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           669.206095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  28590004750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1088100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2908169250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      106705                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                       371                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                   34062                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                     100348                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      106                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           5                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  15516                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      207053                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                       477                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            5                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                   49578                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     171762                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                      152                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 171914                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        65875155                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     563659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       563659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               541690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      16883                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55071                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      541690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             765697                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            379134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2352                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       208205                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     107550                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    100655                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              62225833.092469                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3649321.907531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.055398                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.944602                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            76633                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10307      1.83%      1.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   326824     57.93%     59.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     760      0.13%     59.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1172      0.21%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                    227      0.04%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  111426     19.75%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 100788     17.87%     97.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                 12637      2.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    564141                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      34                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                      2104                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                     505     38.06%     38.06% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                      3      0.23%     38.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                     33      2.49%     40.77% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.08%     40.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                    785     59.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total                1327                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                      503     48.27%     48.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                       3      0.29%     48.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                      33      3.17%     51.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.10%     51.82% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                     502     48.18%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                 1042                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0             32666334500     99.18%     99.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3684000      0.01%     99.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22               11773500      0.04%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                1306000      0.00%     99.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31              252374500      0.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total         32935472500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.996040                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.639490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.785230                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                         1      8.33%      8.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                         1      8.33%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        1      8.33%     25.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        1      8.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                        3     25.00%     58.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                        4     33.33%     91.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        1      8.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                    12                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                    3      0.21%      0.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                   53      3.70%      3.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1154     80.53%     84.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                     69      4.82%     89.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     1      0.07%     89.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                     136      9.49%     98.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                  15      1.05%     99.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.14%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                  1433                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel              188                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user                 98                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel                 97                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                   98                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.515957                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.681818                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       35439338500     98.94%     98.94% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user           381181500      1.06%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                      53                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                       10083                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                       5616                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                       15699                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                       6991                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                   6991                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        64475724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                      44977                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                        44977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                42836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                       1938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts         2911                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                       42836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads              58033                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes             33998                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        15733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      10083                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                      5650                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              64265939.966863                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              209784.033137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003254                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996746                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                             5850                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                  293      0.65%      0.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    26180     58.21%     58.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     167      0.37%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   10313     22.93%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                   5650     12.56%     94.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                  2374      5.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                     44977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      34                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                       583                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                     138     26.69%     26.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                     33      6.38%     33.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.19%     33.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                    345     66.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total                 517                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                      138     44.66%     44.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                      33     10.68%     55.34% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.32%     55.66% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                     137     44.34%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                  309                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0             32148132000     99.72%     99.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22               11485000      0.04%     99.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2632500      0.01%     99.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31               75564000      0.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total         32237813500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.397101                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.597679                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                  449     81.79%     81.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                     66     12.02%     93.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                      34      6.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                   549                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                 34                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle             0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total            0                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3413368                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                       248                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 3324552                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1931413                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       27                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                          12                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1861450                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5344781                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                       275                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                           12                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                 5186002                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                   22854164                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                      257                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses               22854421                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        63766108                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   23341684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     23341684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             22771660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 66508                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     544656                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      2010440                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    22771660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        66508                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           35665511                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18576748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               61969                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              29123                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      5374109                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    3442562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1931547                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3475373.360061                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              60290734.639939                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.945498                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.054502                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2806334                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               267371      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 17453251     74.77%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  169178      0.72%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     76.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12459      0.05%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                   4097      0.02%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   8194      0.04%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     1      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                     15      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 3454687     14.80%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1931877      8.28%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                 40841      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  23341971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      16                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                     31172                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::0                     618     36.98%     36.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::21                      4      0.24%     37.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::22                     33      1.97%     39.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::30                      1      0.06%     39.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::31                   1015     60.74%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_count::total                1671                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::0                      618     48.55%     48.55% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::21                       4      0.31%     48.86% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::22                      33      2.59%     51.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::30                       1      0.08%     51.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::31                     617     48.47%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_good::total                 1273                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::0             31459260500     98.66%     98.66% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::21                3056000      0.01%     98.67% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::22               13279500      0.04%     98.71% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::30                2578000      0.01%     98.72% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::31              408910500      1.28%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_ticks::total         31887084500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::31                0.607882                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.ipl_used::total             0.761819                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::2                         1      2.78%      2.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::3                         1      2.78%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::4                        26     72.22%     77.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::6                         1      2.78%     80.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::19                        1      2.78%     83.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::45                        1      2.78%     86.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::54                        1      2.78%     88.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::71                        2      5.56%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::73                        2      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.syscall::total                    36                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpctx                   20      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::tbi                       2      0.01%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::swpipl                 1534      5.01%      5.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdps                    130      0.42%      5.51% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdusp                     1      0.00%      5.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rti                      99      0.32%      5.84% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::callsys                  46      0.15%      5.99% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::imb                       5      0.02%      6.01% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::rdunique              28752     93.99%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.callpal::total                 30590                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel              120                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                 91                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                 92                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                   91                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.766667                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.867299                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        1703912000      5.54%      5.54% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user         29074046500     94.46%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                      20                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                       38268                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                       327                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                           12                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                    1826                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      23094                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       38                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           9                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                    875                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                       61362                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                       365                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                           21                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                    2701                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                      30319                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                      125                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                  30444                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        63768993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     194067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       194067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               186486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   363                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                       4827                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        20123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      186486                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          363                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             249582                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            141721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 186                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                189                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        62513                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      39159                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     23354                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              62698515.356351                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1070477.643649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.016787                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.983213                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            27025                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                 3121      1.61%      1.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                   118335     60.86%     62.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     272      0.14%     62.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     26      0.01%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      3      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   40496     20.83%     83.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  23369     12.02%     95.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                  8831      4.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    194453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      35                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.hwrei                      1388                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::0                     240     32.70%     32.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::22                     33      4.50%     37.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::30                      3      0.41%     37.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::31                    458     62.40%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_count::total                 734                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::0                      240     46.69%     46.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::22                      33      6.42%     53.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::30                       3      0.58%     53.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::31                     238     46.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_good::total                  514                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::0             31738599000     99.54%     99.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::22               11416500      0.04%     99.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::30                5409500      0.02%     99.60% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::31              129063500      0.40%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_ticks::total         31884488500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::0                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::31                0.519651                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.ipl_used::total             0.700272                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::6                         1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::48                        1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::59                        1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.syscall::total                     3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::wripir                    1      0.12%      0.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpctx                   59      7.01%      7.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::tbi                       5      0.59%      7.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::swpipl                  597     70.90%     78.62% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rdps                     67      7.96%     86.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::rti                     102     12.11%     98.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::callsys                   9      1.07%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::imb                       2      0.24%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.callpal::total                   842                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::kernel              161                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::user                 67                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::kernel                 67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::user                   67                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.416149                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.587719                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       30953439000     99.86%     99.86% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::user            41986000      0.14%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu3.kern.swap_context                      59                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    16384                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          4                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  329                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 329                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                321                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.io.pio           33                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio          374                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          727                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.uart.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.ide.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     1838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy               330500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                13000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               22500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy              486500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy              166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy              726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy               36000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer7.occupancy               44500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer7.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                 407936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 10.776815                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                 9.811131                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 5.265959                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       63257     15.51%     15.51% |      203963     50.00%     65.51% |      110381     27.06%     92.56% |       13779      3.38%     95.94% |         694      0.17%     96.11% |         227      0.06%     96.17% |        7883      1.93%     98.10% |        7481      1.83%     99.93% |         271      0.07%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                   407936                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     29803924                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29803924    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      29803924                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            29803925                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.228274                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.014698                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              5.265227                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    29777678     99.91%     99.91% |       25748      0.09%    100.00% |         105      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              29803925                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29688667                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29688667    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29688667                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         115258                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         60.028146                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        43.512540                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        60.809708                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |       89011     77.23%     77.23% |       25748     22.34%     99.57% |         105      0.09%     99.66% |          67      0.06%     99.72% |         214      0.19%     99.90% |         111      0.10%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           115258                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       193519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       207161                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       558605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         5536                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       564141                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits        15250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses          415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        15665                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits        44500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses          477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses        44977                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5358510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15059                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5373569                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     23267549                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        74422                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     23341971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits        58403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3586                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        61989                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits       192331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses         2121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses       194452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        85351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        29907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       115258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads      1147351                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes      1147351                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16588202                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16570032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8680870                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8677244                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity     16570032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads       134451                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes       134451                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6596001                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6595950                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2947070                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2947070                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity      6595950                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads       758187                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes       758187                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6309403                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6304548                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3805600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3804828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity      6304548                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads       123282                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes       123282                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4167591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4167441                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2199841                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2199841                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity      4167441                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |      232650     20.22%     20.22% |      868817     75.51%     95.73% |       49137      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      1150604                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |      232650     20.22%     20.22% |      868817     75.51%     95.73% |       49137      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      1150604                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |     2704260                       |     8706605                       |      373217                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |      466340                       |     1397454                       |       49148                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   11.623727                       |   10.021219                       |    7.595437                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.004470                       |    1.608456                       |    1.000224                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    10.241649                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     1.662555                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         11.904203                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.770541                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.044418      5.76%      5.76% |    0.044352      5.76%     11.52% |    0.044394      5.76%     17.28% |    0.044375      5.76%     23.04% |    0.128792     16.71%     39.76% |    0.129483     16.80%     56.56% |    0.128933     16.73%     73.29% |    0.129540     16.81%     90.10% |    0.019062      2.47%     92.58% |    0.019064      2.47%     95.05% |    0.019063      2.47%     97.53% |    0.019064      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.770541                      
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        171901                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         9.758844                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean        8.506882                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        6.876826                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36344     21.14%     21.14% |      118083     68.69%     89.83% |        1857      1.08%     90.92% |          14      0.01%     90.92% |           1      0.00%     90.92% |           1      0.00%     90.92% |        7851      4.57%     95.49% |        7479      4.35%     99.84% |         271      0.16%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          171901                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        216997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        11.783610                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       11.164857                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.445977                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22699     10.46%     10.46% |       73234     33.75%     44.21% |      106365     49.02%     93.23% |       13746      6.33%     99.56% |         693      0.32%     99.88% |         226      0.10%     99.98% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          216997                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         19038                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         8.492909                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean        8.151812                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        2.389750                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3497     18.37%     18.37% |         717      3.77%     22.13% |        9239     48.53%     70.66% |        3407     17.90%     88.56% |        1692      8.89%     97.45% |         467      2.45%     99.90% |          16      0.08%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           19038                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3585304                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.451236                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.021938                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           8.190202                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3577584     99.78%     99.78% |        7580      0.21%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3585304                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3566398                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3566398    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3566398                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples        18906                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      86.571670                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     61.275066                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     73.737514                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |       11186     59.17%     59.17% |        7580     40.09%     99.26% |          14      0.07%     99.33% |          31      0.16%     99.50% |          67      0.35%     99.85% |          28      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total         18906                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          2047681                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.807698                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.030559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          11.414808                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     2038064     99.53%     99.53% |        9400      0.46%     99.99% |          74      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.00%     99.99% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            2047681                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      2034550                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2034550    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        2034550                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples        13131                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     126.954459                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    109.295326                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     67.501958                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |        3514     26.76%     26.76% |        9400     71.59%     98.35% |          74      0.56%     98.91% |          19      0.14%     99.06% |          73      0.56%     99.61% |          50      0.38%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total         13131                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     24145541                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.144293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.012201                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       3.591971                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    24136825     99.96%     99.96% |        8577      0.04%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       24145541                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     24062985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24062985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     24062985                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples        82556                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    43.202008                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    34.701935                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    44.706674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |       73840     89.44%     89.44% |        8577     10.39%     99.83% |          16      0.02%     99.85% |          16      0.02%     99.87% |          73      0.09%     99.96% |          33      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total        82556                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::samples        12763                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::mean     4.731489                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::gmean     1.227336                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::stdev    22.050914                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist     |       12552     98.35%     98.35% |          17      0.13%     98.48% |         179      1.40%     99.88% |          12      0.09%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.latency_hist::total        12763                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::samples        12100                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.hit_latency_hist::total        12100                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::samples          663                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.832579                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::gmean    51.591738                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.891674                      
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist |         452     68.17%     68.17% |          17      2.56%     70.74% |         179     27.00%     97.74% |          12      1.81%     99.55% |           1      0.15%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           0      0.00%     99.70% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Load_Linked.miss_latency_hist::total          663                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::samples        12636                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::mean     1.006806                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::gmean     1.000598                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::stdev     0.546197                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist |       12634     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.latency_hist::total        12636                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::samples        12634                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12634    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.hit_latency_hist::total        12634                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::samples            2                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::mean           44                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::gmean    43.588989                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::stdev     8.485281                      
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Store_Conditional.miss_latency_hist::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        7112     25.24%     25.24% |        7026     24.93%     50.17% |        6987     24.79%     74.96% |        7055     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        28180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2647     25.40%     25.40% |        2583     24.79%     50.19% |        2575     24.71%     74.90% |        2615     25.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        10420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        7112     25.24%     25.24% |        7026     24.93%     50.17% |        6987     24.79%     74.96% |        7055     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        28180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        2711     25.39%     25.39% |        2647     24.79%     50.19% |        2639     24.72%     74.91% |        2679     25.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        10676                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     25.00%     25.00% |          64     25.00%     50.00% |          64     25.00%     75.00% |          64     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        4459     25.16%     25.16% |        4427     24.98%     50.15% |        4401     24.84%     74.98% |        4433     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        17720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        7112     25.24%     25.24% |        7026     24.93%     50.17% |        6987     24.79%     74.96% |        7055     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        28180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     25.00%     25.00% |          64     25.00%     50.00% |          64     25.00%     75.00% |          64     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     25.00%     25.00% |          64     25.00%     50.00% |          64     25.00%     75.00% |          64     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          256                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        2643     25.37%     25.37% |        2583     24.80%     50.17% |        2575     24.72%     74.89% |        2615     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        10416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        4459     25.16%     25.16% |        4427     24.98%     50.15% |        4401     24.84%     74.98% |        4433     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        17720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        7112     25.24%     25.24% |        7026     24.93%     50.17% |        6987     24.79%     74.96% |        7055     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        28180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        2643     25.37%     25.37% |        2583     24.80%     50.17% |        2575     24.72%     74.89% |        2615     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        10416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          256                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         256    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      105168      2.93%      2.93% |        9969      0.28%      3.21% |     3432003     95.72%     98.94% |       38164      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3585304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      564141      2.34%      2.34% |       44977      0.19%      2.52% |    23341971     96.67%     99.19% |      194452      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     24145541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      101993      4.92%      4.92% |        5696      0.27%      5.19% |     1941567     93.66%     98.85% |       23825      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2073081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        4372     24.36%     24.36% |        1712      9.54%     33.90% |        8217     45.79%     79.69% |        3645     20.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       17768     15.87%     15.87% |         229      0.20%     16.08% |       88941     79.44%     95.52% |        5017      4.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       111955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          28     16.77%     16.77% |           7      4.19%     20.96% |          38     22.75%     43.71% |          94     56.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         214     23.14%     23.14% |          26      2.81%     25.95% |         514     55.57%     81.51% |         171     18.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           7     41.18%     41.18% |           3     17.65%     58.82% |           3     17.65%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5417     35.23%     35.23% |         106      0.69%     35.91% |        8439     54.88%     90.79% |        1416      9.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total        15378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         175     18.92%     18.92% |          27      2.92%     21.84% |         240     25.95%     47.78% |         483     52.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       13357     13.55%     13.55% |         742      0.75%     14.30% |       80752     81.90%     96.20% |        3751      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total        98602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         299     67.19%     67.19% |          19      4.27%     71.46% |          67     15.06%     86.52% |          60     13.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         229     64.87%     64.87% |          17      4.82%     69.69% |          50     14.16%     83.85% |          57     16.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       11855     44.66%     44.66% |           3      0.01%     44.67% |       12709     47.88%     92.55% |        1977      7.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total        26544                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5881     32.81%     32.81% |          96      0.54%     33.35% |        9715     54.21%     87.56% |        2230     12.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total        17922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        4874      6.01%      6.01% |         135      0.17%      6.18% |       74231     91.57%     97.75% |        1823      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        81063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        7110     53.83%     53.83% |          18      0.14%     53.97% |        5003     37.88%     91.85% |        1077      8.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        13208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        2294     22.74%     22.74% |         232      2.30%     25.04% |        6280     62.26%     87.30% |        1281     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        10087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         354     35.98%     35.98% |         224     22.76%     58.74% |         240     24.39%     83.13% |         166     16.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         662     44.34%     44.34% |         342     22.91%     67.25% |         191     12.79%     80.04% |         298     19.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          75     29.76%     29.76% |          63     25.00%     54.76% |          54     21.43%     76.19% |          60     23.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         876     35.44%     35.44% |          69      2.79%     38.23% |         538     21.76%     59.99% |         989     40.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         2472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12879      7.54%      7.54% |        2764      1.62%      9.16% |      143067     83.76%     92.92% |       12101      7.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       170811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      558605      2.32%      2.32% |       44500      0.18%      2.51% |    23267549     96.69%     99.20% |      192331      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24062985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         222     66.07%     66.07% |          14      4.17%     70.24% |          47     13.99%     84.23% |          53     15.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1609     28.03%     28.03% |        1091     19.01%     47.04% |        1302     22.68%     69.72% |        1738     30.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        5037      6.07%      6.07% |         157      0.19%      6.26% |       75694     91.26%     97.53% |        2051      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total        82939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       28437      9.22%      9.22% |         530      0.17%      9.39% |      273070     88.53%     97.92% |        6403      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total       308440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         995     28.90%     28.90% |          61      1.77%     30.67% |        2074     60.24%     90.91% |         313      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total         3443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         190     26.57%     26.57% |         137     19.16%     45.73% |         157     21.96%     67.69% |         231     32.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        4177     38.17%     38.17% |           1      0.01%     38.18% |        5886     53.79%     91.98% |         878      8.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total        10942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     86.96%     86.96% |           3     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |          45      7.79%      7.79% |           5      0.87%      8.65% |         433     74.91%     83.56% |          95     16.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       57617      1.87%      1.87% |        6355      0.21%      2.07% |     3005911     97.37%     99.44% |       17264      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3087147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       93591      4.55%      4.55% |        5540      0.27%      4.82% |     1934388     94.09%     98.91% |       22322      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2055841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         264     19.97%     19.97% |         252     19.06%     39.03% |         415     31.39%     70.42% |         391     29.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        7678     49.21%     49.21% |           2      0.01%     49.22% |        6823     43.73%     92.96% |        1099      7.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        15602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          28     19.44%     19.44% |           7      4.86%     24.31% |          18     12.50%     36.81% |          91     63.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         169     48.70%     48.70% |          21      6.05%     54.76% |          81     23.34%     78.10% |          76     21.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5417     35.23%     35.23% |         106      0.69%     35.91% |        8439     54.88%     90.79% |        1416      9.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total        15378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         175     18.92%     18.92% |          27      2.92%     21.84% |         240     25.95%     47.78% |         483     52.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        6179      7.26%      7.26% |         664      0.78%      8.04% |       75698     88.89%     96.93% |        2618      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        85159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           7     41.18%     41.18% |           3     17.65%     58.82% |           3     17.65%     76.47% |           4     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        7178     53.40%     53.40% |          78      0.58%     53.98% |        5054     37.60%     91.57% |        1133      8.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        13443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         299     67.19%     67.19% |          19      4.27%     71.46% |          67     15.06%     86.52% |          60     13.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         229     64.87%     64.87% |          17      4.82%     69.69% |          50     14.16%     83.85% |          57     16.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |          15     18.29%     18.29% |           0      0.00%     18.29% |          63     76.83%     95.12% |           4      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       11840     44.74%     44.74% |           3      0.01%     44.75% |       12646     47.79%     92.54% |        1973      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total        26462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |          15     18.29%     18.29% |           0      0.00%     18.29% |          63     76.83%     95.12% |           4      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR        82556      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS          18978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          13471      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE          342      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          26462      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         9390      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        18746      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         28180      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          28140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           1741      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean          588      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               5134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          10946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock            925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        29174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         8635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         8316      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        11229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old           68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR        73424      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS         2397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE          336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        10164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         7128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX         2041      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         8909      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean         6877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS          925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          167      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX        26462      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1705      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        28140      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          368      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           45      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old           48      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         1026      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          670      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           5057      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        10164      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           66      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         8250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR          495      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS           74      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         8701      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        11229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock          359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        28815      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS           22      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data          347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean          577      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock          924      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
